


BLACKBERRY-PEARL

why is the blackberry pearl the only one i can find in pink?!
staring at a blackberry pearl makes me wanna wish my phone back. now i'm just depressed.
wants a blackberry pearl
@thedeetwitty blackberry pearl from verizon . . .is it still available? lol. i miss my bb
bam margera is a true skater! too bad viva la bam isn't on tonight  ! i always watch him! blackberry pearl! ohhh yeah! cya im off skating!
@danny_arnold i loved my blackberry pearl but she broke
@palm_scout unfort sprint will not match my current phone &amp; data plan-its looks like i'm stuck with the blackberry pearl. so no palm pre
@palm unfortunately sprint will not match my current phone &amp; data plan- it looks like i'm stuck with the blackberry pearl. so no palm pre
contemplating whether or not to turn in my blackberry pearl for 60 swagbucks!!
just got home from the beach! blackberry pearl on tuesday



NEW-ONE

too many attempts at fixing my blackberry's rollerball have rendered it kaput. time to get a new one
btw i totally miss having my blackberry or might i say crackberry... my mums teaching me a lesson for losing it no new one for me
it was so much easier setting up my old blackberry and @twitpic than this new one
a moment of silence 4 my blackberry. it passed away during the nite.  have to fork over the big $$$ for a new one  no berry no work. crap!
@katbron  blackberry storm: k and b said &quot;did you tell her to wait for the new one that is coming out?&quot; i said no
i want my cell phone back  its still broken... but  at my birthday im going to buy a new one  this time i think it will be a blackberry
@evzzz drowned in steele reserve  new one delivered tomorrow thank g...dying without the blackberry
@lilnard3 bet you wont tune into stickam.com/msjatv lol i broke my blackberry new one on deck tomorrow tho
epic blackberry fail...so ticked! want a new one
@cookiemonster82 @ktdp i thought about the blackberry but i really do like my iphone  i would buy a new one if this one is ruined
shizzzzzz!!! woke up this morning and my blackberry had committed suicide!...r.i.p. bold...heading to att for a new one
upset over the blackberry! i am not materialistic!!! am i? i don't use it's internet capabilities so i don't need it...but this new one
i gotta say buh bye to my blackberry tomorrow  &amp;get another new one! i wish they'd just give me the right one &amp; make sure it ain't broken!
i want my cell phone back  its still broken... but  at my birthday im going to buy a new one  this time i think it will be a blackberry
i'm sick of my touch screen phone and can't get a new one from verizon til my plan is up...anyone selling a blackberry?



NEW-PHONE

i wish i had verizon...i want that new blackberry click phone.
*sigh* i got a new phone it's not a blackberry either. it sucks eggs.
i might have 2 switch my blackberry 4 a new phone. my tracker ball keeps sticking &amp; its getting annoying
i want a new phone  are blackberrys any good?
i hate this new phone i got i miss my blackberry  i think im a have 2 go get the new blackberry touch fuck a samsung!!!!
mad because metro pcs just added the blackberry for 450$. would buy it but just got a new phone a couple months ago
in the need of a new phone  and my blackberry cost too much
hate all the crap that comes with a new phone -we have the iphone 3gs and a blackberry curve 8900 and about 100 bits of plastic and paper
cell phone is frozen and dead. blackberry vs iphone hmmmmmmmmmm.  i don't want to buy a new phone already.
getting a new phone today. i'm gonna miss the blackberry
#imgonnaneed a new phone: preferably the blackberry storm...thank you



NEW-BLACKBERRY

got a new blackberry still trying to learn how to use it?!.... and its late! have to be a work 2mrw! its the kentucky derby!... who ppi!
i need a new stupid blackberry. its official. mine hates me and decides not to work sometimes. it ruins my plans
cant sleep  so im playing around on my new blackberry pearl! this thing is awesome
@kdpartak the ordered me a new blackberry to arrive tues! i may die between now and them without phone  i have withdraws already
setting up bookmarks on my new blackberry curve. now anyone from work can get ahold of me at anytime!
i think its time for a new blackberry my trackball is stalling
@eclecticbeautyy lolol...i gotta go get a new blackberry already...niggas gave me one with a fucked up batter
new blackberry is here and its lovely and not at all soggy. shame the trackball is buggered! another one will be here tomorrow
not fully used to my new blackberry.
the new blackberry.. kinda interesting.. i mis my snoooze button!
is disappointed that the new blackberry coming to t-mobile will actually be a downgrade from the one i have
hi twitter-mates! just installed a twitter app on my new blackberry. haven't tweeted in ages! my service doesn't do iphone.
i dropped my brand new blackberry in the toilet!!!! i'm on my curve right now.
waiting for my new blackberry to come because i smashed the old one  i miss bbm-ing!
is sad because my husband won't let me download the sims 3 or the sims 2 on my new blackberry.
getting &quot;on&quot; twitter..... but need new blackberry to use well
about to lay in bed searching on the new blackberry
can't wait for my new blackberry to arrive
@tgoodrich860: try twittering from your wife's new blackberry bold using either ubertwitter or twitterberry app
lovin' my new blackberry
lovin my new blackberry
getting my new blackberry next week... yay finally!
@nicolerichie dont u have an old phone to use today? and tomorrow u will buy a new blackberry!
im supposed to be saving for europe. so what am i doing tonight? oh right- buying a new blackberry. stupid impulse buys!
playin with my new blackberry and getting ready to watch failure to launch!
loves her new blackberry.  4193502791
i am in love with my new blackberry!
buttt i am very excited because my new blackberry should be here tomorrow! i hope it comes before i go to work...  work from 12-8:30
guess who finally has a new blackberry?
my new blackberry is great ! thx mamah
back up and runnin with my new blackberry
http://twitpic.com/6q2wh - playing with the new blackberry
@dinovia i was wondering if you got a new blackberry flip. been wondering all day.
my new blackberry is updated and is great!!!!! back to my crack
very impressed by my new (to me) blackberry bold



BLACKBERRY-CURVE

i miss my $500 blackberry curve
aaggh!! my blackberry curve took a gash in the screen the day after we get invisible shields in stock. well it'll be a good advertisement
i wish i had the data plan on my blackberry curve
staying home and keeping an eye on sick sis  but i did just buy the new blackberry curve 8900 online.. thanx scott!
just wondering if anyone knows who i can put a shortcut to twitter on my blackberry curve.  and i am still sick over the race on sunday
i want a new cell phone  i dont want my blackberry curve 8900 anymore. i want the blackberry bold
my dad just bought someone a blackberry curve! i wish i had a friend's dad like that
@love_crosby87 i wanna buy a kris letang autographed blackberry curve
buy me a blackberry curve
* wow.  i just randomly lost all text messages i had sent and received between 7:04pm and 11:19pm.  gooo blackberry curve.    lame.  #fb
should i go for a blackberry curve 8300 or a blackberry curve 8900 ???  i can't decide
should i go for a blackberry curve 8300 or a blackberry curve 8900 ???  i can't decide
ok so now i know what it means to have a crackberry...im am experiencing withdrawls without my baby.... rip blackberry curve
i want a blackberry curve 8900
my daddy got the blackberry curve... not fair!!!  and i thought my lg dare was pretty cool... hahaha i luuuuuuuuuuv you daddy!
is looking at a blackberry curve 8900
my first tweet via blackberry curve!
bought a blackberry curve 8310
i'm selling a 2 month old sprint blackberry curve. who's gonna get it? i've got two batteries
@saphotoz @ryan_adt @epicsoul @saintfjr @silvarose23 i have a blackberry curve but no data plan!  will get the bold in august!
anybody selling a blackberry curve for t-mobile? i just want a blackberry with wifi!  you have to be local in oc&amp;maybe la though
playin with my new blackberry curve
@tiergarten i figured that would happen!  i'm totally smitten with my blackberry curve
wants a new fone especialli the blackberry curve  had a viewty for a month and broke it so probz need to b xtra nice  if i have any chance
