just checked my user timeline on my	just checked my user timeline on my
is stressing out because my blackberry keeps flashing a red alert status for no reason!! its faking me out and i hate it!!!	is stressing out because my blackberry keeps flashing a red alert status for no reason. its faking me out and i hate it.
i've been thinking about getting a blackberry or an iphone or something	i've been thinking about getting a blackberry or an iphone or something
dear pandora - my blackberry storm wants you but can't have you...yet?	dear pandora - my blackberry storm wants you but can't have you.yet.
wheres my @robgold601  blackberry messenger is not the same	wheres my @robgold601  blackberry messenger is not the same
@tweetie how about an application for the blackberry?	@tweetie how about an application for the blackberry.
@mizrik i've got a blackberry by t-mobile	@mizrik i've got a blackberry by t-mobile
brittany needs help fixing her blackberry!!! sad day	brittany needs help fixing her blackberry. sad day
so i signed onto curly tail's twitter site and i have no idea how to get it to work on my blackberry - i feel like my mom   drea	so i signed onto curly tail's twitter site and i have no idea how to get it to work on my blackberry - i feel like my mom   drea
... downloaded the new youmail blackberry app.  it won't download my old messages	. downloaded the new youmail blackberry app.  it won't download my old messages
stupid blackberry. my memorys crap	stupid blackberry. my memorys crap
shit. i broke my blackberry! it's dead	shit. i broke my blackberry. it's dead
i wish i had verizon...i want that new blackberry click phone.	i wish i had verizon.i want that new blackberry click phone.
didn't manage to get my blackberry today  maybe next month.	didn't manage to get my blackberry today  maybe next month.
wondering if anyone- at all.. understands why twitter hates my blackberry so?	wondering if anyone- at all. understands why twitter hates my blackberry so.
uuu twitter de pe blackberry. foarte misto dar nu e stilizat	uuu twitter de pe blackberry. foarte misto dar nu e stilizat
is feeling unforgivably stupid for dropping aek's blackberry  so sorry ka.	is feeling unforgivably stupid for dropping aek's blackberry  so sorry ka.
blackberry bout to die  still @ the hard rock doing documentary shit!!	blackberry bout to die  still @ the hard rock doing documentary shit.
too many attempts at fixing my blackberry's rollerball have rendered it kaput. time to get a new one	too many attempts at fixing my blackberry's rollerball have rendered it kaput. time to get a new one
lets try this update again...thanks o reliable blackberry *not*   ive got a terrible headache	lets try this update again.thanks o reliable blackberry *not*   ive got a terrible headache
my mail is not working &amp; i can't find my blackberry...  i feel disconnected form the world!	my mail is not working &amp; i can't find my blackberry.  i feel disconnected form the world.
which #blackberry #twitter app updates location based on gps data? twitterberry lacks this option	which #blackberry #twitter app updates location based on gps data. twitterberry lacks this option
putting my blackberry to charge	putting my blackberry to charge
there's a dent in my blackberry. i dropped it out of my lap onto tile.	there's a dent in my blackberry. i dropped it out of my lap onto tile.
thinking technology hates me this morning- blackberry sat there thinking for an hour while i waited to make a call and car radio is out	thinking technology hates me this morning- blackberry sat there thinking for an hour while i waited to make a call and car radio is out
@scotmckay how can i listen to the show? all i have is my blackberry  is it on the internet? i tried the link and it gave me an error msg.	@scotmckay how can i listen to the show. all i have is my blackberry  is it on the internet. i tried the link and it gave me an error msg.
guess ill be twittering from my blackberry ! still no luck w/ d pc frm work	guess ill be twittering from my blackberry . still no luck w/ d pc frm work
@oreolude i dropped it and some of the buttons dont work when i try to text! i switched back to my blackberry	@oreolude i dropped it and some of the buttons dont work when i try to text. i switched back to my blackberry
needs a blackberry in order to twitterberry	needs a blackberry in order to twitterberry
@brightkite yet still no blackberry app? glad your have been listening	@brightkite yet still no blackberry app. glad your have been listening
my blackberry keeps restarting by itself.. what happened to you???!!!	my blackberry keeps restarting by itself. what happened to you.
anyone here able to download a file from blackberrys website 4me then put on a dropbox or simuilar	anyone here able to download a file from blackberrys website 4me then put on a dropbox or simuilar
@shedboy once u done #blackberry u never go back.can't type on the iphone  machine gun app get's u through crowded streets quicker thou	@shedboy once u done #blackberry u never go back.can't type on the iphone  machine gun app get's u through crowded streets quicker thou
got a new blackberry still trying to learn how to use it?!.... and its late! have to be a work 2mrw! its the kentucky derby!... who ppi!	got a new blackberry still trying to learn how to use it. and its late. have to be a work 2mrw. its the kentucky derby. who ppi.
my f**king blackberry is messed up!!!	my f**king blackberry is messed up.
just had the best cup of tea everr! and wants a blackberry phone!!	just had the best cup of tea everr. and wants a blackberry phone.
i think my blackberry has died   the battery keeps running out after i charge it	i think my blackberry has died   the battery keeps running out after i charge it
is missing his blackberry right now!! there is no real way of fixing it though	is missing his blackberry right now. there is no real way of fixing it though
i want a blackberry	i want a blackberry
trackball on my blackberry died: can't scroll down anymore and vodafone refuses to give me a loaner or for that matter	trackball on my blackberry died: can't scroll down anymore and vodafone refuses to give me a loaner or for that matter
its just me and my blackberry	its just me and my blackberry
verizon blackberry sucks major balls!! i just wanna c if this goes thru...but bb storm really does suck.	verizon blackberry sucks major balls. i just wanna c if this goes thru.but bb storm really does suck.
dropped my blackberry on the pavement	dropped my blackberry on the pavement
@cmxiv i eft my blackberry 8900 in the back of a car service taxi yesterday right before my premiere and was soo sick... thought of u	@cmxiv i eft my blackberry 8900 in the back of a car service taxi yesterday right before my premiere and was soo sick. thought of u
i miss my $500 blackberry curve	i miss my $500 blackberry curve
my blackberry is being a douche.	my blackberry is being a douche.
trying to get a blackberry bold...but can't find a carrier in my area.	trying to get a blackberry bold.but can't find a carrier in my area.
havig trackball issues with my blackberry.  can only scroll left	havig trackball issues with my blackberry.  can only scroll left
from my blackberry i cannot see who my followers are...ugh  but i just want to tell them 'hey.'	from my blackberry i cannot see who my followers are.ugh  but i just want to tell them 'hey.'
so just when i start talking about my blackberry being so great	so just when i start talking about my blackberry being so great
oh well finally i got blackberry. but no bold	oh well finally i got blackberry. but no bold
missing my blackberry bold  why do u always realize its worth after parting with it	missing my blackberry bold  why do u always realize its worth after parting with it
@vixster25 internet 1 drawing 0 ....damn i'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done	@vixster25 internet 1 drawing 0 .damn i'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done
wondering why the blackberry browser is saying connection refused	wondering why the blackberry browser is saying connection refused
my blackberry broke!!!! tear	my blackberry broke. tear
just noticed that sprintv no longer has a cnn channel. no more watching frm my blackberry. this is terribble...just terrible!	just noticed that sprintv no longer has a cnn channel. no more watching frm my blackberry. this is terribble.just terrible.
i want my blackberry back	i want my blackberry back
no longer has a blackberry	no longer has a blackberry
lost my blackberry	lost my blackberry
i want my blackberry back  i'm over my sidekick lx.	i want my blackberry back  i'm over my sidekick lx.
@msblackberry305 but if i go with u guys who's gonna cook his burgers? i can't jus abandon him	@msblackberry305 but if i go with u guys who's gonna cook his burgers. i can't jus abandon him
went to see glass candy tonight with my guy. my blackberry screen is cracked. poor bb!  anyone know how to replace it?	went to see glass candy tonight with my guy. my blackberry screen is cracked. poor bb.  anyone know how to replace it.
why do all the twitter apps for blackberry suck? i want my iphone back	why do all the twitter apps for blackberry suck. i want my iphone back
how come i can't connect my facebook thru my blackberry??	how come i can't connect my facebook thru my blackberry.
i want a blackberry	i want a blackberry
i need to get this on my blackberry how do you do that ?  hola at me please. mwah xx	i need to get this on my blackberry how do you do that .  hola at me please. mwah xx
i dont finf the fu*kin lcd screen for my blackberry	i dont finf the fu*kin lcd screen for my blackberry
i cant get twitter on my blackberry!  i hate my job and waking up before 10 am	i cant get twitter on my blackberry.  i hate my job and waking up before 10 am
@mrssweetness2u whats up girl how you keeping? i lost my blackberry	@mrssweetness2u whats up girl how you keeping. i lost my blackberry
no laptop   all correspondence by blackberry.  thank goodness for apps.	no laptop   all correspondence by blackberry.  thank goodness for apps.
i'm not going to buy the blackberry! my mum doesn't want to! damn it!! my dream is over!	i'm not going to buy the blackberry. my mum doesn't want to. damn it. my dream is over.
@stephenfry i can only read every other letter of that on my blackberry	@stephenfry i can only read every other letter of that on my blackberry
@krucial hey k rocking the other night! i just  got ya message! damn blackberry	@krucial hey k rocking the other night. i just  got ya message. damn blackberry
@stephenfry doesn't work on the blackberry	@stephenfry doesn't work on the blackberry
i want a blackberry sooo bad	i want a blackberry sooo bad
�ertwitter beta-2 released great twitter blackberry client!  but so far no bis channel   but great for wifi!!! http://viigo.im/xnb	�ertwitter beta-2 released great twitter blackberry client.  but so far no bis channel   but great for wifi. http://viigo.im/xnb
great! i got sand in my blackberry now the &quot;hourglass&quot; is popping up ever five seconds!!!!!!	great. i got sand in my blackberry now the &quot;hourglass&quot; is popping up ever five seconds.
where is my blackberry!?!?!?	where is my blackberry.
goodnight. getting my blackberry. not the dog  bummerrr.	goodnight. getting my blackberry. not the dog  bummerrr.
my blackberry crashed and i lost all my contacts!  message me your numbers! about 3 hours ago	my blackberry crashed and i lost all my contacts.  message me your numbers. about 3 hours ago
my blackberry crashed and i lost all my contacts!  message me your numbers!	my blackberry crashed and i lost all my contacts.  message me your numbers.
@sheblobbers boo   have you found new link for blackberry app world??	@sheblobbers boo   have you found new link for blackberry app world.
@brittany_darby wooo i got it now im just tryin to learn it aha brittany im addicted to my phone  accompany me to blackberry anonymous aha	@brittany_darby wooo i got it now im just tryin to learn it aha brittany im addicted to my phone  accompany me to blackberry anonymous aha
i need a new stupid blackberry. its official. mine hates me and decides not to work sometimes. it ruins my plans	i need a new stupid blackberry. its official. mine hates me and decides not to work sometimes. it ruins my plans
lost my blackberry  sniff sniff	lost my blackberry  sniff sniff
my blackberry is messed up. cnt receive tx  so im abt 2 treat myself 2 an i-phone 3g. bbl after i purchase it. lata!...	my blackberry is messed up. cnt receive tx  so im abt 2 treat myself 2 an i-phone 3g. bbl after i purchase it. lata.
@blackberryphil the first public beta disabled my audio line-in on my laptop. i hope this is just a bug and not ms in bed with the riaa	@blackberryphil the first public beta disabled my audio line-in on my laptop. i hope this is just a bug and not ms in bed with the riaa
if you twitter bug dont hear from me much today its because my phone battery is pretty low  dont die blackberry! dont die	if you twitter bug dont hear from me much today its because my phone battery is pretty low  dont die blackberry. dont die
it's not the sh.. i can't connect on my blackberry either.  #googlewtf @futuristicplans @3ba	it's not the sh. i can't connect on my blackberry either.  #googlewtf @futuristicplans @3ba
@pblieu ahhh.. i dont have a blackberry.	@pblieu ahhh. i dont have a blackberry.
i neeed a blackberry asap!	i neeed a blackberry asap.
i need a blackberry bold but im brokes	i need a blackberry bold but im brokes
@rinapinabina lol me too! what mobile do u have - i want a blackberry! i just bought a treadmill tho so might have to wait for a new ph	@rinapinabina lol me too. what mobile do u have - i want a blackberry. i just bought a treadmill tho so might have to wait for a new ph
@sweetness28 you need blackberry	@sweetness28 you need blackberry
poor	poor
yes the blackberry finally restarted offically twitting from the ipod from now on	yes the blackberry finally restarted offically twitting from the ipod from now on
hopes the blackberry hospital can save her phone	hopes the blackberry hospital can save her phone
*sigh*  i think my blackberry just suffered a catastrophic failure	*sigh*  i think my blackberry just suffered a catastrophic failure
i miss you my blackberry	i miss you my blackberry
why is the blackberry pearl the only one i can find in pink?!	why is the blackberry pearl the only one i can find in pink.
my blackberry is not liking twitter for some reason	my blackberry is not liking twitter for some reason
why isn't there a blackberry app for friendfeed?  http://myloc.me/12ff	why isn't there a blackberry app for friendfeed.  http://myloc.me/12ff
@atrustaijitu awww. can't view it on my blackberry. says unavailble for mobiles	@atrustaijitu awww. can't view it on my blackberry. says unavailble for mobiles
sorry -- my phone was doing the stupid blackberry purge thing again	sorry -- my phone was doing the stupid blackberry purge thing again
lost my blackberry in cypress!	lost my blackberry in cypress.
point in fact; i do not have twitter or facebook on my blackberry  -- so sad!	point in fact; i do not have twitter or facebook on my blackberry  -- so sad.
twitter is broke i think! i'm not getting my new followers on my blackberry.  anyone else having issues getting new follower notices now?	twitter is broke i think. i'm not getting my new followers on my blackberry.  anyone else having issues getting new follower notices now.
so tiered after a day in the car. also jelouse that my little brothe has a blackberry not fair	so tiered after a day in the car. also jelouse that my little brothe has a blackberry not fair
just remembered that the hmac-sha1 blackberry issue still exists	just remembered that the hmac-sha1 blackberry issue still exists
@so_ethnic101 : blackberry cool abis	@so_ethnic101 : blackberry cool abis
starting the day (and week) with reporting a &quot;blocker&quot; bug for the new blackberry release of salvo i found while walking this morning	starting the day (and week) with reporting a &quot;blocker&quot; bug for the new blackberry release of salvo i found while walking this morning
grrrrrrrrrr. twitterberry isnt opening on blackberry anymore... &quot;uncaught exception out of memory error&quot;   its one problem after another!	grrrrrrrrrr. twitterberry isnt opening on blackberry anymore. &quot;uncaught exception out of memory error&quot;   its one problem after another.
blackberry is still the boss when it comes to corporate users. my nokia e71 is struggling	blackberry is still the boss when it comes to corporate users. my nokia e71 is struggling
@blackberryman i want to writing something	@blackberryman i want to writing something
staring at a blackberry pearl makes me wanna wish my phone back. now i'm just depressed.	staring at a blackberry pearl makes me wanna wish my phone back. now i'm just depressed.
not a happy bunny today twitter on my blackberry won't work properly	not a happy bunny today twitter on my blackberry won't work properly
anyone own a telus blackberry that they are willing to sell to me ??? mine went awall	anyone own a telus blackberry that they are willing to sell to me . mine went awall
twitpic not working for me from the blackberry	twitpic not working for me from the blackberry
apparently blackberrys don't survive falling into beers  bye bye blackberry until i get home	apparently blackberrys don't survive falling into beers  bye bye blackberry until i get home
broke my french blackberry	broke my french blackberry
morning all. i need help...what's the best blackberry twitter app? twitterberry won't let my upload pics	morning all. i need help.what's the best blackberry twitter app. twitterberry won't let my upload pics
cant sleep  so im playing around on my new blackberry pearl! this thing is awesome	cant sleep  so im playing around on my new blackberry pearl. this thing is awesome
btw i totally miss having my blackberry or might i say crackberry... my mums teaching me a lesson for losing it no new one for me	btw i totally miss having my blackberry or might i say crackberry. my mums teaching me a lesson for losing it no new one for me
i have about 5 cases for my blackberry bold and one of them is useful  now iam in a shop and looking forward 2 buy a second useful case	i have about 5 cases for my blackberry bold and one of them is useful  now iam in a shop and looking forward 2 buy a second useful case
i opened the blackberry  @kaseyrsm it tastes like shampoo! but it's kinda yum at the same time!	i opened the blackberry  @kaseyrsm it tastes like shampoo. but it's kinda yum at the same time.
@timbrownson i can't seem to access your articles on my #blackberry when you shorten them with sn.i'm.. dunno why	@timbrownson i can't seem to access your articles on my #blackberry when you shorten them with sn.i'm. dunno why
@abrad45 it's more of a shut my blackberry up kind of thing.  but don't feel left out. it bugs me equally for all peoples messages!	@abrad45 it's more of a shut my blackberry up kind of thing.  but don't feel left out. it bugs me equally for all peoples messages.
@joliowave nah its specifically for blackberry from what i read on the site. twitterberry	@joliowave nah its specifically for blackberry from what i read on the site. twitterberry
's blackberry battery is low without a charger.  i hate you micro usb.	's blackberry battery is low without a charger.  i hate you micro usb.
@am_blackberry that's what i'll end up doing	@am_blackberry that's what i'll end up doing
don't know how to upload pic from blackberry	don't know how to upload pic from blackberry
now i've it in blackberry the twitter	now i've it in blackberry the twitter
my blackberry storm so doesn't hold a charge like my 8830 did	my blackberry storm so doesn't hold a charge like my 8830 did
*sigh* i got a new phone it's not a blackberry either. it sucks eggs.	*sigh* i got a new phone it's not a blackberry either. it sucks eggs.
blackberry is broken  feeling withdrawal while it gets fixed. no more leashes. no more leashes.	blackberry is broken  feeling withdrawal while it gets fixed. no more leashes. no more leashes.
just dropped my	just dropped my
only have internet access thru my blackberry  i'm going crazy!!	only have internet access thru my blackberry  i'm going crazy.
@sam_alvarado yea.. so i hear... i want one but then i also have all my girlies hooked up direct thru blackberry msgr.  i will miss them	@sam_alvarado yea. so i hear. i want one but then i also have all my girlies hooked up direct thru blackberry msgr.  i will miss them
@therapist_model just jumping on to catch up on twitter my blackberry died   i am lost. so who said i was out 4 pedi?any other wives w/ me	@therapist_model just jumping on to catch up on twitter my blackberry died   i am lost. so who said i was out 4 pedi.any other wives w/ me
@dglive i can't wait until i get my blackberry in january	@dglive i can't wait until i get my blackberry in january
ohhh. blackberry still broke   tomorrow: grad practice	ohhh. blackberry still broke   tomorrow: grad practice
the trackball on my blackberry is messed up	the trackball on my blackberry is messed up
my blackberry sucks	my blackberry sucks
thnk u i would say the same bout u but i can't see ur pic on my blackberry  how r u?? @joemoney111	thnk u i would say the same bout u but i can't see ur pic on my blackberry  how r u. @joemoney111
@cellphonerepair my blackberry would not wake up this morning  stupid thing! i know you get it	@cellphonerepair my blackberry would not wake up this morning  stupid thing. i know you get it
just picked up her blackberry from the middle of the street! both she and it are crushed!	just picked up her blackberry from the middle of the street. both she and it are crushed.
i cant use my blackberry today. this sucks.	i cant use my blackberry today. this sucks.
@kim_flores aww i don't! i guess that's why it doesnt  (blackberrymessenger)	@kim_flores aww i don't. i guess that's why it doesnt  (blackberrymessenger)
@arania nope i cant figure out how to get the updates on my blackberry. . . i need to go running too	@arania nope i cant figure out how to get the updates on my blackberry. . . i need to go running too
i really want a blackberry  my sidekick is hella wack. night	i really want a blackberry  my sidekick is hella wack. night
t'internet on blackberry fooked so no checking of the tweets and whether phill has taken up my request	t'internet on blackberry fooked so no checking of the tweets and whether phill has taken up my request
my bed had tha nerve 2 call my blackberry askin me where the hell i was.......looks like i gotta go ya'll  i'll c u in 3.5hours	my bed had tha nerve 2 call my blackberry askin me where the hell i was.looks like i gotta go ya'll  i'll c u in 3.5hours
@mockingbird_ i'm good thanks! did you have a good drive? careful with your	@mockingbird_ i'm good thanks. did you have a good drive. careful with your
my wife lost her sprint blackberry 8330 on a bike ride in am.  anyone have an extra bb laying around? retweet	my wife lost her sprint blackberry 8330 on a bike ride in am.  anyone have an extra bb laying around. retweet
can't wait to get his hands on his new	can't wait to get his hands on his new
gotta go my phone is on it's last leg so can't promise any update.  3 years i have had it so not bad though  dumb blackberry	gotta go my phone is on it's last leg so can't promise any update.  3 years i have had it so not bad though  dumb blackberry
having problems with my blackberry ugh i need another charged battery! (@ least 4 now)  @sexyhunnybunny	having problems with my blackberry ugh i need another charged battery. (@ least 4 now)  @sexyhunnybunny
aaggh!! my blackberry curve took a gash in the screen the day after we get invisible shields in stock. well it'll be a good advertisement	aaggh. my blackberry curve took a gash in the screen the day after we get invisible shields in stock. well it'll be a good advertisement
so much for skype for blackberry in may	so much for skype for blackberry in may
my blackberry's got a fatty (battery)  guess we're kinda in the same boat huh @laurensanchez ?	my blackberry's got a fatty (battery)  guess we're kinda in the same boat huh @laurensanchez .
peeps! me blackberry messenger is kwijt..  no pinging :p	peeps. me blackberry messenger is kwijt.  no pinging :p
want to get a blackberry but can't afford it  . just watching the telly and relaxing. hard sesion tomorrow.	want to get a blackberry but can't afford it  . just watching the telly and relaxing. hard sesion tomorrow.
@tutugirl1345 you could say that. i left it in vt and have been blackberryless since tuesday night. i'm lost	@tutugirl1345 you could say that. i left it in vt and have been blackberryless since tuesday night. i'm lost
frustrated by my stupid iphone i need a blackberry!!!!	frustrated by my stupid iphone i need a blackberry.
i need a blackberry	i need a blackberry
my blackberry is soon approaching her death	my blackberry is soon approaching her death
@kdpartak the ordered me a new blackberry to arrive tues! i may die between now and them without phone  i have withdraws already	@kdpartak the ordered me a new blackberry to arrive tues. i may die between now and them without phone  i have withdraws already
help! anyone know if there are stores that carry blackberry trackballs? just went to verizon retailer; no luck. do not want to order one	help. anyone know if there are stores that carry blackberry trackballs. just went to verizon retailer; no luck. do not want to order one
setting up bookmarks on my new blackberry curve. now anyone from work can get ahold of me at anytime!	setting up bookmarks on my new blackberry curve. now anyone from work can get ahold of me at anytime.
@natalyathree damn! natalya! you gotta tell me whats going on!!! i'd call you but i lost all my phone numbers when i broke my blackberry	@natalyathree damn. natalya. you gotta tell me whats going on. i'd call you but i lost all my phone numbers when i broke my blackberry
my blackberry is about to die  bye bye twitter til i charge my phonee.	my blackberry is about to die  bye bye twitter til i charge my phonee.
i just vacuumed my blackberry in hopes of getting the water out. i hope children's is understanding and will replace it if all is lost	i just vacuumed my blackberry in hopes of getting the water out. i hope children's is understanding and will replace it if all is lost
i would follow everyone but my blackberry is dumb and it won't let me click the follow button. sorry	i would follow everyone but my blackberry is dumb and it won't let me click the follow button. sorry
gone for the weekend. wish i knew the twitter app for my blackberry..then i could keep in touch  ill miss you.	gone for the weekend. wish i knew the twitter app for my blackberry.then i could keep in touch  ill miss you.
i am mad that i keep dropping my;; blackberry storm! it going to die soon!	i am mad that i keep dropping my;; blackberry storm. it going to die soon.
wish my blackberry would work....	wish my blackberry would work.
@bhggarden i wish you guys had a friendly mobile site! too painful to wait for your site to load on my blackberry	@bhggarden i wish you guys had a friendly mobile site. too painful to wait for your site to load on my blackberry
is frustrated with the flickr app that won't install on her blackberry!	is frustrated with the flickr app that won't install on her blackberry.
@sparrowsail i know.  i tried to sideload files into the ipod. that's why i love my audiobooks. play on both ipod and blackberry.	@sparrowsail i know.  i tried to sideload files into the ipod. that's why i love my audiobooks. play on both ipod and blackberry.
got a blackberry and the &quot;a&quot; key doesn't work...that's an unfortunate problem  why do i have such terribly luck recently???	got a blackberry and the &quot;a&quot; key doesn't work.that's an unfortunate problem  why do i have such terribly luck recently.
without my blackberry i really am lost  i don't know what i'm supposed to do or when i'm supposed to do it or with whom. le sigh.	without my blackberry i really am lost  i don't know what i'm supposed to do or when i'm supposed to do it or with whom. le sigh.
it was so much easier setting up my old blackberry and @twitpic than this new one	it was so much easier setting up my old blackberry and @twitpic than this new one
stupid fuckin blackberry broke!! so i'll be mobiletwitter-less. which means manyy less spontaneous tweets! leaving me very bitter  boo.	stupid fuckin blackberry broke. so i'll be mobiletwitter-less. which means manyy less spontaneous tweets. leaving me very bitter  boo.
man this damn blackberry storm is starting to have a mind of its own   can't wait till nex week wen the #treo pre comes out.	man this damn blackberry storm is starting to have a mind of its own   can't wait till nex week wen the #treo pre comes out.
just got homeee  blackberry running low on bats!	just got homeee  blackberry running low on bats.
i really want to know where my black paramore shirt went...it had a sweet graphic...  btw pandora+blackberry= &lt;3	i really want to know where my black paramore shirt went.it had a sweet graphic.  btw pandora+blackberry= &lt;3
my blackberry's wi-fi is still gaying  gr.	my blackberry's wi-fi is still gaying  gr.
sos i lost my blackberry  help me by miracle i will get it back	sos i lost my blackberry  help me by miracle i will get it back
i have had a good weekend got my blackberry fully up and running finally and celebrated my cuz 1st birthday. wish we had a 4 day weekend	i have had a good weekend got my blackberry fully up and running finally and celebrated my cuz 1st birthday. wish we had a 4 day weekend
a moment of silence 4 my blackberry. it passed away during the nite.  have to fork over the big $$$ for a new one  no berry no work. crap!	a moment of silence 4 my blackberry. it passed away during the nite.  have to fork over the big $$$ for a new one  no berry no work. crap.
just finished reinstallimg my blackberry... a sync from the mac caused address book to go haywire	just finished reinstallimg my blackberry. a sync from the mac caused address book to go haywire
@rurouniyuudai85 i found the blackberry app store but no twitter app	@rurouniyuudai85 i found the blackberry app store but no twitter app
i still haven't figured on how to download songs for my blackberry.	i still haven't figured on how to download songs for my blackberry.
@dionnesouth lucky u ! i've just got a blackberry &amp; it seems 2 b 1 of the most awkward things install etc. so looking @ sun from pc	@dionnesouth lucky u . i've just got a blackberry &amp; it seems 2 b 1 of the most awkward things install etc. so looking @ sun from pc
@jasonbradbury lucky u ! i've just got a blackberry &amp; it seems 2 b 1 of the most awkward things install etc. so looking @ sun from pc	@jasonbradbury lucky u . i've just got a blackberry &amp; it seems 2 b 1 of the most awkward things install etc. so looking @ sun from pc
wants a blackberry pearl	wants a blackberry pearl
sadly there is no wireless network i can mooch off of at the new casa until i get my own net. its just me &amp; the blackberry until then.	sadly there is no wireless network i can mooch off of at the new casa until i get my own net. its just me &amp; the blackberry until then.
i need twitter on my blackberry to update this joint more often...any suggestions...i can not do short codes	i need twitter on my blackberry to update this joint more often.any suggestions.i can not do short codes
my blackberry is broken	my blackberry is broken
sitting on the ferry to fireisland.  who knew this blackberry had a browser-told you i was a luddite.	sitting on the ferry to fireisland.  who knew this blackberry had a browser-told you i was a luddite.
ok just updated my bb the restore wasn't too success if i do another restore will have duplicates or do i have to wipe my blackberry  ????	ok just updated my bb the restore wasn't too success if i do another restore will have duplicates or do i have to wipe my blackberry  .
blackberry #3 bites the dust	blackberry #3 bites the dust
@venerablebmoney no it doesn't. the blackberry bold and the curve 8320 do. i have an 8330.	@venerablebmoney no it doesn't. the blackberry bold and the curve 8320 do. i have an 8330.
i cant order blizzcon tickets from my blackberry!! dammit  sadface!	i cant order blizzcon tickets from my blackberry. dammit  sadface.
i really miss my blackberry tho	i really miss my blackberry tho
@zerbinetta sounds much more indulgent than my oatbran/flax/blueberry/blackberry pancakes. they ached for maple syrup	@zerbinetta sounds much more indulgent than my oatbran/flax/blueberry/blackberry pancakes. they ached for maple syrup
i think its time for a new blackberry my trackball is stalling	i think its time for a new blackberry my trackball is stalling
is sooo sad coz my blackberry died on me  took me 6 hours to fix it but now its alive and well yey!!!	is sooo sad coz my blackberry died on me  took me 6 hours to fix it but now its alive and well yey.
@niseywonderland ahh that sux.  poor soaked blackberry  lol	@niseywonderland ahh that sux.  poor soaked blackberry  lol
@eclecticbeautyy lolol...i gotta go get a new blackberry already...niggas gave me one with a fucked up batter	@eclecticbeautyy lolol.i gotta go get a new blackberry already.niggas gave me one with a fucked up batter
my blackberry is deff donzo i can only twit txt and use the net	my blackberry is deff donzo i can only twit txt and use the net
i got a blackberry today but i really miss my palm phone	i got a blackberry today but i really miss my palm phone
i wish a blackberry or a iphone	i wish a blackberry or a iphone
my stupiiieeedd blackberryy track ball wont go up and right :&quot;(	my stupiiieeedd blackberryy track ball wont go up and right :&quot;(
@nkcruisegrl twitter won't let me turn on device updates for you. i'll have to text you when i leave work. i don't have a blackberry	@nkcruisegrl twitter won't let me turn on device updates for you. i'll have to text you when i leave work. i don't have a blackberry
@mizzamber aww r.i.p blackberry	@mizzamber aww r.i.p blackberry
@kindofathingboy @blackberrybell3 i dont really understand jon.	@kindofathingboy @blackberrybell3 i dont really understand jon.
sooo i came to this studio session with @mrmind and just now realizing all my verses are on my blackberry which is at home.	sooo i came to this studio session with @mrmind and just now realizing all my verses are on my blackberry which is at home.
can someone please donate a t-mobile friendly blackberry? please  there's a crackberry shaped hole in my heart	can someone please donate a t-mobile friendly blackberry. please  there's a crackberry shaped hole in my heart
my blackberry is injured	my blackberry is injured
am thinking of getting a blackberry. ooh but i'm going to miss playing bubblewrap on ze iphone.	am thinking of getting a blackberry. ooh but i'm going to miss playing bubblewrap on ze iphone.
i want to get the blackberry 8900 javelin from rogers but its too much $$	i want to get the blackberry 8900 javelin from rogers but its too much $$
my blackberry is drivn me nutz ! omg  works 5min out of the day  ! !	my blackberry is drivn me nutz . omg  works 5min out of the day  . .
fml without a phone for a week  stupid blackberry's rediculousss!	fml without a phone for a week  stupid blackberry's rediculousss.
@biosshadow blackberry internet service.	@biosshadow blackberry internet service.
at the blackberry storm party and this line is annoying	at the blackberry storm party and this line is annoying
trackball on blackberry is gone forever	trackball on blackberry is gone forever
@bronxbomberkb my blackberry died on me  oh &amp; my cavs lost.	@bronxbomberkb my blackberry died on me  oh &amp; my cavs lost.
@cocosworld i can't view via blackberry!!!!	@cocosworld i can't view via blackberry.
i'm the only one here without a blackberry	i'm the only one here without a blackberry
lame! dropped my blackberry on the trail &amp; it was too dark to find it  ahhh  the induced anxiety when 1 is separated from their phone	lame. dropped my blackberry on the trail &amp; it was too dark to find it  ahhh  the induced anxiety when 1 is separated from their phone
trying to get in contact with stacy but can't seem to find my fin' blackberry	trying to get in contact with stacy but can't seem to find my fin' blackberry
@blackberrygirl7 if it wasn't 4 love i'd b in bed! ... after 2night mike and i will b on oppisite life schedules	@blackberrygirl7 if it wasn't 4 love i'd b in bed. . after 2night mike and i will b on oppisite life schedules
i think i lost my blackberry	i think i lost my blackberry
my twitterberry is acting weird.  does anyone know why it says internal twitter error when you try to update on your blackberry?? help.	my twitterberry is acting weird.  does anyone know why it says internal twitter error when you try to update on your blackberry. help.
wants to get a iphone or blackberry but my contract isnt ready for an upgrade  badtimes!	wants to get a iphone or blackberry but my contract isnt ready for an upgrade  badtimes.
nextel blackberry is 250 as well and both have 100 mail in rebate wtf guys which one should i get	nextel blackberry is 250 as well and both have 100 mail in rebate wtf guys which one should i get
@enamoredsoul online from a	@enamoredsoul online from a
someone unlock my blackberry  i'm getting impatient.	someone unlock my blackberry  i'm getting impatient.
@angelistic i have 2 blackberry curves &amp; a bold on my table. all have problems and seller didn't take responsibility for it	@angelistic i have 2 blackberry curves &amp; a bold on my table. all have problems and seller didn't take responsibility for it
@jason_manford not even got an iphone yet  between that and a blackberry	@jason_manford not even got an iphone yet  between that and a blackberry
@shahbaa @aliafattouch i know.. i so need a blackberry!  p.s zanzibar!! im so jealous!	@shahbaa @aliafattouch i know. i so need a blackberry.  p.s zanzibar. im so jealous.
i hate my blackberry so much	i hate my blackberry so much
some bitch stole my blackberry the other night in santa monica. still pissed	some bitch stole my blackberry the other night in santa monica. still pissed
:  i will be in paducah tonight. my blackberry is still broken though   and the longhorns won in extra innings without cheating. congrats.	:  i will be in paducah tonight. my blackberry is still broken though   and the longhorns won in extra innings without cheating. congrats.
@danwegner since the link doesn't work on a blackberry - due to twit-o-matic script	@danwegner since the link doesn't work on a blackberry - due to twit-o-matic script
just called verizon...no twitter available on my phone.   it's gotta be a blackberry (intentional rhyming)	just called verizon.no twitter available on my phone.   it's gotta be a blackberry (intentional rhyming)
@moragg ok. thanks. i don't have a blackberry.	@moragg ok. thanks. i don't have a blackberry.
@zombiecommand no blackberry love?  http://myloc.me/2bxt	@zombiecommand no blackberry love.  http://myloc.me/2bxt
@katbron  blackberry storm: k and b said &quot;did you tell her to wait for the new one that is coming out?&quot; i said no	@katbron  blackberry storm: k and b said &quot;did you tell her to wait for the new one that is coming out.&quot; i said no
ruh-roh. can't find my blackberry. still need to transfer those numbers.	ruh-roh. can't find my blackberry. still need to transfer those numbers.
i don't know i just posted from my blackberry online and it came up yikes sorry everyone! i will only post from texts now for sure	i don't know i just posted from my blackberry online and it came up yikes sorry everyone. i will only post from texts now for sure
damn i miss my blackberry i need it back on.	damn i miss my blackberry i need it back on.
holy shit my dad bought himself a blackberry.  ...........i'm still wiating for my ipod touch  -taps feet-	holy shit my dad bought himself a blackberry.  .i'm still wiating for my ipod touch  -taps feet-
@twtrcon i have a blackberry and g1.  @peoplebrowser #twtrcon	@twtrcon i have a blackberry and g1.  @peoplebrowser #twtrcon
what's happening wiht my blackberry??!	what's happening wiht my blackberry.
i hate when someones blackberry goes off and its not mine.	i hate when someones blackberry goes off and its not mine.
i want a twitter app for my blackberry but i can't figure out how to	i want a twitter app for my blackberry but i can't figure out how to
i wish i had the data plan on my blackberry curve	i wish i had the data plan on my blackberry curve
my baby is messing up (blackberry)	my baby is messing up (blackberry)
erm.....blackberry bold is broken   super bad times	erm.blackberry bold is broken   super bad times
@kimbigevil i deleted &amp; banned the enemy godviagra from the forum. i am at my parents' house on an old windows pc. i forgot my blackberry	@kimbigevil i deleted &amp; banned the enemy godviagra from the forum. i am at my parents' house on an old windows pc. i forgot my blackberry
@taylerc  what happened to my pretty blackberry??	@taylerc  what happened to my pretty blackberry.
i want the blackberry 8900 soo bad!	i want the blackberry 8900 soo bad.
goshhh! i want a blackberry	goshhh. i want a blackberry
my blackberry just officially became a crackberry!  don't even remember how there's a crack.	my blackberry just officially became a crackberry.  don't even remember how there's a crack.
how do you fix the scroll ball on a blackberry? i can't use my phone right now	how do you fix the scroll ball on a blackberry. i can't use my phone right now
ugh!  i must take a twitter break. the blackberry is dying	ugh.  i must take a twitter break. the blackberry is dying
@brittoncampbell   i have a blackberry and i'm not lame	@brittoncampbell   i have a blackberry and i'm not lame
@sadsfly i'm gonna get a blackberry. turns out	@sadsfly i'm gonna get a blackberry. turns out
@jennaglynn blackberry messenger is awesome!  i only wish i had more friends with blackberrys	@jennaglynn blackberry messenger is awesome.  i only wish i had more friends with blackberrys
@bananafacexo oh. i have the ev2 it has  a keyboard but it  flips open not slide  im hopin to get a blackberry storm or.. *its u&amp;me 4eva*	@bananafacexo oh. i have the ev2 it has  a keyboard but it  flips open not slide  im hopin to get a blackberry storm or. *its u&amp;me 4eva*
so fucking bored! it's pathetic i'm whining about not having internet or tv. at least i have my blackberry	so fucking bored. it's pathetic i'm whining about not having internet or tv. at least i have my blackberry
i has a blackberry - yay! i had a migraine  boo.	i has a blackberry - yay. i had a migraine  boo.
i has a blackberry - yay! i has a migraine  boo.	i has a blackberry - yay. i has a migraine  boo.
ahh found out how much a blackberry would cost..plus the monthly rate..too much money.  wanted to show pics and tweet in chicago. bummer	ahh found out how much a blackberry would cost.plus the monthly rate.too much money.  wanted to show pics and tweet in chicago. bummer
just ordered this touchscreen phone from lg! the &quot;cookie&quot;. http://tinyurl.com/cn7to3 my blackberry was broken by a girl at school...	just ordered this touchscreen phone from lg. the &quot;cookie&quot;. http://tinyurl.com/cn7to3 my blackberry was broken by a girl at school.
haha no more blackberry  but	haha no more blackberry  but
i seriously need to hurry up and get a blackberry an get in wid da movement! damn i feel sooo alone in twitte-land	i seriously need to hurry up and get a blackberry an get in wid da movement. damn i feel sooo alone in twitte-land
@alsharptongue i said how is it messin up ur blackberry? and u said yes...so now i'm confused b/c it wasn't a yes/no question	@alsharptongue i said how is it messin up ur blackberry. and u said yes.so now i'm confused b/c it wasn't a yes/no question
@mr_thor missed you again.  smeegz was snuggling with my blackberry. sleep well. &lt;3	@mr_thor missed you again.  smeegz was snuggling with my blackberry. sleep well. &lt;3
ughhh still so much stuff to move and no where to put it  i would post a picture of my room but i dnt no how to lol... freakin blackberry	ughhh still so much stuff to move and no where to put it  i would post a picture of my room but i dnt no how to lol. freakin blackberry
my phone is dead. blackberry storm os update failed	my phone is dead. blackberry storm os update failed
update problems whit my blackberry	update problems whit my blackberry
@kittifontain  u have a blackberry? dm me ur info. annnnd be over the niggas	@kittifontain  u have a blackberry. dm me ur info. annnnd be over the niggas
new blackberry is here and its lovely and not at all soggy. shame the trackball is buggered! another one will be here tomorrow	new blackberry is here and its lovely and not at all soggy. shame the trackball is buggered. another one will be here tomorrow
i want my cell phone back  its still broken... but  at my birthday im going to buy a new one  this time i think it will be a blackberry	i want my cell phone back  its still broken. but  at my birthday im going to buy a new one  this time i think it will be a blackberry
back home and off to work.  booooo!!! sans blackberry.  *sigh. replacing my license today	back home and off to work.  booooo. sans blackberry.  *sigh. replacing my license today
just installed the new blackberry software onto my phone and it suvks the color is horrible	just installed the new blackberry software onto my phone and it suvks the color is horrible
@misskibbles humm blackberry sounds pretty good. i will have to try that.  i love cabernet	@misskibbles humm blackberry sounds pretty good. i will have to try that.  i love cabernet
my blackberry is probably gonna die soon  dunno where the heck my charger is.i know its in a box somewhere lol	my blackberry is probably gonna die soon  dunno where the heck my charger is.i know its in a box somewhere lol
i have scratches all over my blackberry storm !  xx	i have scratches all over my blackberry storm .  xx
@johncmayer  my blackberry won't load that link for some reason &quot;not found&quot;	@johncmayer  my blackberry won't load that link for some reason &quot;not found&quot;
@dezidez im doin ok.real sleepy.hatin my blackberry it always resets itself  bout 2 go 2 the boutique n a bit	@dezidez im doin ok.real sleepy.hatin my blackberry it always resets itself  bout 2 go 2 the boutique n a bit
i want blackberry now...	i want blackberry now.
weird stuff happening with my ubertwitters  just swapped out my	weird stuff happening with my ubertwitters  just swapped out my
waaahhhh my blackberry battery died and i don't have my charger here at work	waaahhhh my blackberry battery died and i don't have my charger here at work
trying to get my blackberry email up and running. there's something wrong with it	trying to get my blackberry email up and running. there's something wrong with it
i hate the twitterberry app!! it keeps freezing up my blackberry	i hate the twitterberry app. it keeps freezing up my blackberry
blackberry really needs a repair now	blackberry really needs a repair now
i want a blackberry. why does no one sell them in denmark? *sigh*	i want a blackberry. why does no one sell them in denmark. *sigh*
bye bye blackberry rip	bye bye blackberry rip
@ryanstar it really sucks not having a real internet connex as blackberry keeps crashing because twitterberry is evil	@ryanstar it really sucks not having a real internet connex as blackberry keeps crashing because twitterberry is evil
my blackberry is being lame. no twitpics  i just finished lunch now off to see my lady suzy.	my blackberry is being lame. no twitpics  i just finished lunch now off to see my lady suzy.
@eliz_castro can't remember - is it a blackberry curve?  my tmobile curve is dying.    undecided abt whether 2 replace w/high or low tech.	@eliz_castro can't remember - is it a blackberry curve.  my tmobile curve is dying.    undecided abt whether 2 replace w/high or low tech.
staying home and keeping an eye on sick sis  but i did just buy the new blackberry curve 8900 online.. thanx scott!	staying home and keeping an eye on sick sis  but i did just buy the new blackberry curve 8900 online. thanx scott.
kickin ass in poker!!! too bad it's only on my blackberry	kickin ass in poker. too bad it's only on my blackberry
palringo now available in blackberry app world ...not that australians can access it  http://viigo.im/kvp	palringo now available in blackberry app world .not that australians can access it  http://viigo.im/kvp
@evzzz drowned in steele reserve  new one delivered tomorrow thank g...dying without the blackberry	@evzzz drowned in steele reserve  new one delivered tomorrow thank g.dying without the blackberry
not fully used to my new blackberry.	not fully used to my new blackberry.
is this really happening? &lt;3 u blackberry. miss u iphone	is this really happening. &lt;3 u blackberry. miss u iphone
i hate my blackberry i lost everyones bbms. and then what? omg.	i hate my blackberry i lost everyones bbms. and then what. omg.
the nicest way... into blackberry land. i miss my pretty iphone alreayd.	the nicest way. into blackberry land. i miss my pretty iphone alreayd.
ugh... twitter withdrawls. internet not working on blackberry for some strange reason	ugh. twitter withdrawls. internet not working on blackberry for some strange reason
@mrjrgregory cider was amazing - blackberry still broken	@mrjrgregory cider was amazing - blackberry still broken
uh oh.. blackberry internet service is acting up	uh oh. blackberry internet service is acting up
back at work  blackberry still on the fritz	back at work  blackberry still on the fritz
it's funny how i am posting my tweets from my	it's funny how i am posting my tweets from my
@ginnielizz  thanks!  the blackberry app isn't as good   i think i'll sign in/ sign out for now.	@ginnielizz  thanks.  the blackberry app isn't as good   i think i'll sign in/ sign out for now.
great. blackberryos 4.5 software is on my phone. bb rebooted. has been at a white screen with the hourglass spinning for 10 minutes now.	great. blackberryos 4.5 software is on my phone. bb rebooted. has been at a white screen with the hourglass spinning for 10 minutes now.
gaaarrrr where is my blackberry charger???	gaaarrrr where is my blackberry charger.
great.  the blackberry battery is dwindling fast. at the boyfriend's house watching the bachelorette. tweeting may have to halt	great.  the blackberry battery is dwindling fast. at the boyfriend's house watching the bachelorette. tweeting may have to halt
@iamjonathancook bye blackberry!	@iamjonathancook bye blackberry.
@iamjonathancook awwh. im gonn miss blackberry bold.	@iamjonathancook awwh. im gonn miss blackberry bold.
@iamjonathancook bye blackberry  jonathan is going to miss you  byebye	@iamjonathancook bye blackberry  jonathan is going to miss you  byebye
@tonyg2388 i'd die without my blackberry too	@tonyg2388 i'd die without my blackberry too
is missing her blackberry	is missing her blackberry
@alyssa_f read it on my blackberry babe. i understand your pain  sure there isnt some way you can make it to one of the shows?	@alyssa_f read it on my blackberry babe. i understand your pain  sure there isnt some way you can make it to one of the shows.
@troublextoo that's cool.  i want my blackberry back.	@troublextoo that's cool.  i want my blackberry back.
watching jon and kate plus 8...i need some help tryna upload a pic on here 4rm my blackberry it won't work	watching jon and kate plus 8.i need some help tryna upload a pic on here 4rm my blackberry it won't work
@mikeywax boooo! you should have gone blackberry	@mikeywax boooo. you should have gone blackberry
lost my blackberry!	lost my blackberry.
signs i spend too much time on the computer: i just pressed alt+t to try to open a new tab on my blackberry's browser	signs i spend too much time on the computer: i just pressed alt+t to try to open a new tab on my blackberry's browser
testing out a new twitter app for my blackberry. sorry to spam your feed.	testing out a new twitter app for my blackberry. sorry to spam your feed.
testing out a new twitter app for my blackberry. sorry to spam your feed.	testing out a new twitter app for my blackberry. sorry to spam your feed.
trying out a new twitter app for my blackberry. sorry to spam your feed.	trying out a new twitter app for my blackberry. sorry to spam your feed.
ugh my blackberry won't let me click any buttons so i can't even log onto twitter from it  bust	ugh my blackberry won't let me click any buttons so i can't even log onto twitter from it  bust
blackberry is dead...looks like im going ot have to bite the bullet and get the iphone...	blackberry is dead.looks like im going ot have to bite the bullet and get the iphone.
bets ned the pie man makes a scrumptious blackberry pie.  wish i could go to the pie hole and get me a slice	bets ned the pie man makes a scrumptious blackberry pie.  wish i could go to the pie hole and get me a slice
@ravenalexis is your ringer on silence? my blackberry is an ass and not giving me text messages today	@ravenalexis is your ringer on silence. my blackberry is an ass and not giving me text messages today
@lilnard3 bet you wont tune into stickam.com/msjatv lol i broke my blackberry new one on deck tomorrow tho	@lilnard3 bet you wont tune into stickam.com/msjatv lol i broke my blackberry new one on deck tomorrow tho
my blackberry isnt charging!  poor baby might be broken d:	my blackberry isnt charging.  poor baby might be broken d:
i'm so jealuos....my sister got the blackberry curve i wanted	i'm so jealuos.my sister got the blackberry curve i wanted
i'm so jealous...my sister got the blackberry curve i wanted	i'm so jealous.my sister got the blackberry curve i wanted
dropped my blackberry in water! cant text or call &amp;&amp; or even pick up calls or make calls...	dropped my blackberry in water. cant text or call &amp;&amp; or even pick up calls or make calls.
@keryje about 2 mins #blackberrystorm camera is amazingly slow  miss you too babes	@keryje about 2 mins #blackberrystorm camera is amazingly slow  miss you too babes
can't find my blackberry charger. switched to my broken g1 for the time being. blaaaah i miss thing	can't find my blackberry charger. switched to my broken g1 for the time being. blaaaah i miss thing
need some #blackberry maintenance help - woke up and my track ball goes up	need some #blackberry maintenance help - woke up and my track ball goes up
my work blackberry just locked itself	my work blackberry just locked itself
i want a blackberry	i want a blackberry
@blackberrytwit ... bit but that's been about it!  can't shift this sickness - not good!!!	@blackberrytwit . bit but that's been about it.  can't shift this sickness - not good.
@tiffanywi doh...  maybe the blackberry gods will see your trouble and send forth help..	@tiffanywi doh.  maybe the blackberry gods will see your trouble and send forth help.
my blackberry has a hairline fracture in the screen	my blackberry has a hairline fracture in the screen
omg!!! what is wrong with me!!!! yesterday i left my blackberry at home	omg. what is wrong with me. yesterday i left my blackberry at home
restoring my blackberry	restoring my blackberry
how can i get 2 my dm's from my blackberry? is that not an option?? i dont see it	how can i get 2 my dm's from my blackberry. is that not an option. i dont see it
so somehow my phone charger is lost and now my phone is dead  does anyone have a charger for a blackberry that i could borrow?!	so somehow my phone charger is lost and now my phone is dead  does anyone have a charger for a blackberry that i could borrow.
@candizzler nope no blackberry.	@candizzler nope no blackberry.
something's wrong with my blackberry.....	something's wrong with my blackberry.
epic blackberry fail...so ticked! want a new one	epic blackberry fail.so ticked. want a new one
blackberry is dead	blackberry is dead
just wondering if anyone knows who i can put a shortcut to twitter on my blackberry curve.  and i am still sick over the race on sunday	just wondering if anyone knows who i can put a shortcut to twitter on my blackberry curve.  and i am still sick over the race on sunday
twitterberry is going bye bye on the 8th on my phone. no more blackberry	twitterberry is going bye bye on the 8th on my phone. no more blackberry
blackberry	blackberry
@anniepants @ruthfox @veganchai i'm such a devoted blackberry fan! i feel like i'm being adulterous...	@anniepants @ruthfox @veganchai i'm such a devoted blackberry fan. i feel like i'm being adulterous.
blackberry has been sold.  it was fun having it for the less than two weeks i had it.	blackberry has been sold.  it was fun having it for the less than two weeks i had it.
i want my blackberry already	i want my blackberry already
cravings for new gadgets so badly!! esp for blackberry  i want i want i want!!	cravings for new gadgets so badly. esp for blackberry  i want i want i want.
my blackberry scrolly ball thing isn't letting me scroll up. well this sux. i have new messages	my blackberry scrolly ball thing isn't letting me scroll up. well this sux. i have new messages
grrrrrr blackberry is stuck on gsm network.. means only phone will work	grrrrrr blackberry is stuck on gsm network. means only phone will work
anyone know how to use blackberry messenger? i'm blonde and retarded! plus i only have one friend with a bb and he's ignoring me atm	anyone know how to use blackberry messenger. i'm blonde and retarded. plus i only have one friend with a bb and he's ignoring me atm
chatting on my blackberry its so much fun!! can't seem to upload my photo though......dunno howwww!!!	chatting on my blackberry its so much fun. can't seem to upload my photo though.dunno howwww.
@willsmith next iphone coming out in a lil over a month and you buy a blackberry?! i didn't expect this level of fail from you	@willsmith next iphone coming out in a lil over a month and you buy a blackberry. i didn't expect this level of fail from you
so heartbroken about the loss of raspberry ny blackberry i cant sleep with out her next to me l  looks like i got a date with t mobile	so heartbroken about the loss of raspberry ny blackberry i cant sleep with out her next to me l  looks like i got a date with t mobile
@mim001 @amykate oh no! poor you. hope you get to break for tea soon. i'd send it via blackberry if i could	@mim001 @amykate oh no. poor you. hope you get to break for tea soon. i'd send it via blackberry if i could
wish i had a blackberry	wish i had a blackberry
@themogulmom must be in the air! my blackberry lost all it's info yesterday! (thank god it backed itself on my laptop) good luck	@themogulmom must be in the air. my blackberry lost all it's info yesterday. (thank god it backed itself on my laptop) good luck
my blackberry's got low battery.	my blackberry's got low battery.
i forgot the charger for my blackberry at home   let's see how long i can make a half-charged battery last.	i forgot the charger for my blackberry at home   let's see how long i can make a half-charged battery last.
forgot my blackberry today  going to be a struggle without it.	forgot my blackberry today  going to be a struggle without it.
anyone got an extended blackberry bold battery? are they any good? battery's gone from 95% to 55% in just 2 hours	anyone got an extended blackberry bold battery. are they any good. battery's gone from 95% to 55% in just 2 hours
@parisrouzati not now that i have a blackberry storm. its way too slow when you hang up and and call back  i tried yesterday lol	@parisrouzati not now that i have a blackberry storm. its way too slow when you hang up and and call back  i tried yesterday lol
@bethmcgrath i wannt a blackberry	@bethmcgrath i wannt a blackberry
dented her blackberry	dented her blackberry
i want a new cell phone  i dont want my blackberry curve 8900 anymore. i want the blackberry bold	i want a new cell phone  i dont want my blackberry curve 8900 anymore. i want the blackberry bold
:  in other news the blackberry is on the fritz...    free upgrade?  you best believe i will try...	:  in other news the blackberry is on the fritz.    free upgrade.  you best believe i will try.
what kind of phone does everyone use and are happy with? i'm bored with my blackberry 8900  i have tmobile	what kind of phone does everyone use and are happy with. i'm bored with my blackberry 8900  i have tmobile
@homebasenyc holmes. what does it do? hit my dm with ure info. can't get my info from my old blackberry	@homebasenyc holmes. what does it do. hit my dm with ure info. can't get my info from my old blackberry
@youmail is there a reason my @blackberry 8820 on @tmobile_usa is not likeing the youmail app? i've tried reinstalling it many times	@youmail is there a reason my @blackberry 8820 on @tmobile_usa is not likeing the youmail app. i've tried reinstalling it many times
day one without my blackberry: i can't handle it anymore	day one without my blackberry: i can't handle it anymore
twitpic from blackberry no work	twitpic from blackberry no work
stupid bloody blackberry!!!! wish i had an iphone instead!!!	stupid bloody blackberry. wish i had an iphone instead.
i can't tweet from my blackberry because i didn't pay my phone bill on time.. what's a blackberry that only makes phone calls and texts?	i can't tweet from my blackberry because i didn't pay my phone bill on time. what's a blackberry that only makes phone calls and texts.
argh the roller ball fell off my blackberry	argh the roller ball fell off my blackberry
downloading new apps for my	downloading new apps for my
been awhile since i've tweeted.. going to st.louis to exchange my iphone this weekend. 3rd one! considering a switch to blackberry.	been awhile since i've tweeted. going to st.louis to exchange my iphone this weekend. 3rd one. considering a switch to blackberry.
weather sucks so much my blackberry is now a blueberry  say it aint so buddy say it aint so	weather sucks so much my blackberry is now a blueberry  say it aint so buddy say it aint so
i just totally dropped my blackberry...	i just totally dropped my blackberry.
@mummertre ...your dumb. and i hate you. and its not just blackberrys because i have the updates to come as textmessages. fuck you	@mummertre .your dumb. and i hate you. and its not just blackberrys because i have the updates to come as textmessages. fuck you
wish i would have never gotten rid of my blackberry :/ i miss havin a smart phone  even though it was stupid most of the time &amp; i hated it	wish i would have never gotten rid of my blackberry :/ i miss havin a smart phone  even though it was stupid most of the time &amp; i hated it
this sucks!!!!. read all the books i have on my blackberry and don't have any others on here that i wanna read   http://myloc.me/2h8v	this sucks. read all the books i have on my blackberry and don't have any others on here that i wanna read   http://myloc.me/2h8v
damn at &amp; t and their data network problems -  cant log with my blackberry	damn at &amp; t and their data network problems -  cant log with my blackberry
i wished my blackberry was twitter compatible. i would tweet all my tasting experiences from the wineries this weekend.	i wished my blackberry was twitter compatible. i would tweet all my tasting experiences from the wineries this weekend.
i think i'm a have 2 take my blackberry 2 the hospital...she isn't feeling 2 well	i think i'm a have 2 take my blackberry 2 the hospital.she isn't feeling 2 well
does any1 know how 2 turn the backlight off on your blackberry?mine is stuck on 4 some reason.can't get it off.its killing my battery	does any1 know how 2 turn the backlight off on your blackberry.mine is stuck on 4 some reason.can't get it off.its killing my battery
i want a blackberry... tomorrow library day... again	i want a blackberry. tomorrow library day. again
missin my blackberry!!! 2 days without my babyyy	missin my blackberry. 2 days without my babyyy
@lisanicolec i think i hate you a little bit because you're posting from a blackberry.	@lisanicolec i think i hate you a little bit because you're posting from a blackberry.
tweeting from blackberry cos internet is down.	tweeting from blackberry cos internet is down.
my dad just bought someone a blackberry curve! i wish i had a friend's dad like that	my dad just bought someone a blackberry curve. i wish i had a friend's dad like that
@nerdyboytko lmao. on my blackberry no?!  lol.	@nerdyboytko lmao. on my blackberry no.  lol.
i might have 2 switch my blackberry 4 a new phone. my tracker ball keeps sticking &amp; its getting annoying	i might have 2 switch my blackberry 4 a new phone. my tracker ball keeps sticking &amp; its getting annoying
@cmarie7 dudee ii thiink ii want a blackberry now	@cmarie7 dudee ii thiink ii want a blackberry now
my trackball in the blackberry will only scroll left	my trackball in the blackberry will only scroll left
trying to listen to khloe after dark on my blackberry but it keeps buffering	trying to listen to khloe after dark on my blackberry but it keeps buffering
i got this blackberry and cannt respond to my folks on twitter.. help.. ughh	i got this blackberry and cannt respond to my folks on twitter. help. ughh
@mr_rellcity see told ya the blackberry was garbage  and then i kept mine now u getting rid of urs *smh*:p	@mr_rellcity see told ya the blackberry was garbage  and then i kept mine now u getting rid of urs *smh*:p
@cocobananas89 haven't he3d anything other than rd singles. i decided 2 put my laptop in da shop &amp; my blackberry has no flash player	@cocobananas89 haven't he3d anything other than rd singles. i decided 2 put my laptop in da shop &amp; my blackberry has no flash player
my blackberry screen died on me	my blackberry screen died on me
blackberry browser can't download from zshare or imeem. hip hop fail @robrush	blackberry browser can't download from zshare or imeem. hip hop fail @robrush
when i go out i realize i didn't synch feeddemon 3 with my blackberry.	when i go out i realize i didn't synch feeddemon 3 with my blackberry.
@raxquel i thought you were going to get a blackberry  hahahha jk... you and jay jay gonna be pre twins!!! hahah! i wanna see it!	@raxquel i thought you were going to get a blackberry  hahahha jk. you and jay jay gonna be pre twins. hahah. i wanna see it.
i want a blackberry storm or a prada 2 phone	i want a blackberry storm or a prada 2 phone
@seanchoe humm... am workin part time for	@seanchoe humm. am workin part time for
spilled butter oil all over my blackberry while eating crab legs ... its all messed up now	spilled butter oil all over my blackberry while eating crab legs . its all messed up now
trying to find a free texas hold'em game for my blackberry and the search isn't going so well	trying to find a free texas hold'em game for my blackberry and the search isn't going so well
doesn't look like the blackberry is coming today  no new toy for me to play with!	doesn't look like the blackberry is coming today  no new toy for me to play with.
@cookiemonster82 @ktdp i thought about the blackberry but i really do like my iphone  i would buy a new one if this one is ruined	@cookiemonster82 @ktdp i thought about the blackberry but i really do like my iphone  i would buy a new one if this one is ruined
pim is lautan blackberry	pim is lautan blackberry
@lurizzle i miss my blackberry  ..... sooo much!!	@lurizzle i miss my blackberry  . sooo much.
on my way to buy a blackberry now! by y do friends always let me down?	on my way to buy a blackberry now. by y do friends always let me down.
my blackberry was all messed up last night! made me wish i could have an iphone with my verizon plan even more	my blackberry was all messed up last night. made me wish i could have an iphone with my verizon plan even more
in my local primark. could have got a blackberry curve pay as you go on orange for the same price as i got my iphone for.  &lt;3 blackberry	in my local primark. could have got a blackberry curve pay as you go on orange for the same price as i got my iphone for.  &lt;3 blackberry
arrrgha  i wish i had a blackberry	arrrgha  i wish i had a blackberry
@blackberrygirl7 a. i wish i was napping by chris mays pool but i am at work   b. ppl here make me nuts!	@blackberrygirl7 a. i wish i was napping by chris mays pool but i am at work   b. ppl here make me nuts.
blackberry trouble...feeling handicapped	blackberry trouble.feeling handicapped
i need to get rid of this sprint instinct and cop a blackberry or somethin. can't tweet right on here	i need to get rid of this sprint instinct and cop a blackberry or somethin. can't tweet right on here
i really want a blackberry. but i guess i have to wait till november since sprint sucks	i really want a blackberry. but i guess i have to wait till november since sprint sucks
first scratch on my blackberry	first scratch on my blackberry
blackberry exploded and with it	blackberry exploded and with it
@kdashmoney  use ur wifi preciously. what happened to thy blackberry?	@kdashmoney  use ur wifi preciously. what happened to thy blackberry.
the palm pre cutting cheese: http://vimeo.com/4990760. my blackberry only cracks eggs.	the palm pre cutting cheese: http://vimeo.com/4990760. my blackberry only cracks eggs.
looking for a black cover for my blackberry bold...why are they so ugly??	looking for a black cover for my blackberry bold.why are they so ugly.
awe my laptop died  yay for blackberrys!	awe my laptop died  yay for blackberrys.
my blackberry is so messed up from taking a dive into the toilet.	my blackberry is so messed up from taking a dive into the toilet.
everyone either has the iphone or blackberry. im stuck with my razor for another year	everyone either has the iphone or blackberry. im stuck with my razor for another year
i wish my cell carrier had more smartphone options.  only blackberry &amp; one windows mobile phone.  i don't want either.  i want a palm	i wish my cell carrier had more smartphone options.  only blackberry &amp; one windows mobile phone.  i don't want either.  i want a palm
shizzzzzz!!! woke up this morning and my blackberry had committed suicide!...r.i.p. bold...heading to att for a new one	shizzzzzz. woke up this morning and my blackberry had committed suicide.r.i.p. bold.heading to att for a new one
your device does not meet the system requirements that are needed to support blackberry messenger for software versions 4.0 and 4.1. wtf!	your device does not meet the system requirements that are needed to support blackberry messenger for software versions 4.0 and 4.1. wtf.
verizon users: lg or blackberry for the trip? (bb costs 2x as much for internet  )	verizon users: lg or blackberry for the trip. (bb costs 2x as much for internet  )
@breezydoll i no longer have a blackberry anymore  boyfriend#2 is dead lol	@breezydoll i no longer have a blackberry anymore  boyfriend#2 is dead lol
hmm ok so its not twitter berry its internet on my blackberry why wont the twitter for blackberry applications work for me	hmm ok so its not twitter berry its internet on my blackberry why wont the twitter for blackberry applications work for me
hmmm.. twitterberry causes blackberry to crash when i try to d/l updates. maybe i need to cut some of my news sources.	hmmm. twitterberry causes blackberry to crash when i try to d/l updates. maybe i need to cut some of my news sources.
....rebooting my blackberry. (or as @eckodabrat would say) &quot;rebooting my phone&quot; lmao	.rebooting my blackberry. (or as @eckodabrat would say) &quot;rebooting my phone&quot; lmao
so went over budget w/ the fam.....all in all i have to give up my blackberry..can't pay mandatory internet anymore  i feel like i have	so went over budget w/ the fam.all in all i have to give up my blackberry.can't pay mandatory internet anymore  i feel like i have
why oh why do i figure out 1 thing then need to learn another aka why the hell can't i play blips on my blackberry?? k time for sad face	why oh why do i figure out 1 thing then need to learn another aka why the hell can't i play blips on my blackberry. k time for sad face
phone absolutely out of commission after nine......its ok my number will wake up to a blackberry......but it slows down my weekend.	phone absolutely out of commission after nine.its ok my number will wake up to a blackberry.but it slows down my weekend.
my comps have been messin up sorry twitters wish i had a blackberry r sumthin 2 update from my fone but i dont	my comps have been messin up sorry twitters wish i had a blackberry r sumthin 2 update from my fone but i dont
my blackberry is no working	my blackberry is no working
@doodle83 i have the blackberry storm and omg it's one sexy mother fizzle. sign on to aim tomorrow	@doodle83 i have the blackberry storm and omg it's one sexy mother fizzle. sign on to aim tomorrow
i wish i can read korean on my blackberry  it would make my twittwer life easier.	i wish i can read korean on my blackberry  it would make my twittwer life easier.
diagnostic name: &quot;blackberry thumb&quot;........be aware! i'm not texting for a month  http://bit.ly/164koq	diagnostic name: &quot;blackberry thumb&quot;.be aware. i'm not texting for a month  http://bit.ly/164koq
@thedeetwitty blackberry pearl from verizon . . .is it still available? lol. i miss my bb	@thedeetwitty blackberry pearl from verizon . . .is it still available. lol. i miss my bb
ok never mind...no blackberry for me	ok never mind.no blackberry for me
@kalii2 i want a	@kalii2 i want a
i need to get a blackberry....too bad i'm on verizon and at&amp;t has the best ones	i need to get a blackberry.too bad i'm on verizon and at&amp;t has the best ones
@ock at a book store/restaurant/drinking rather to eating lol i don't know where my blackberry is	@ock at a book store/restaurant/drinking rather to eating lol i don't know where my blackberry is
blackberry internet is down .. this is rly limiting my tweets	blackberry internet is down . this is rly limiting my tweets
@oliviamunn i need 3g on my blackberry	@oliviamunn i need 3g on my blackberry
@mindila can you text your sister and ask her if my blackberry is lodged in the recliner?  i hoping not to be out 2 phones in one night	@mindila can you text your sister and ask her if my blackberry is lodged in the recliner.  i hoping not to be out 2 phones in one night
my blackberry case just disappeared...i'll have to question the kids in the morning	my blackberry case just disappeared.i'll have to question the kids in the morning
the only thing stopping me from the blackberry curve 8900 is the web broswer	the only thing stopping me from the blackberry curve 8900 is the web broswer
@michaelmillman better than iphone? i can't use eitherbecause of my carrier  i am resisting a blackberry...	@michaelmillman better than iphone. i can't use eitherbecause of my carrier  i am resisting a blackberry.
@karinb_za ... actually my blackberry doesn't have a cam	@karinb_za . actually my blackberry doesn't have a cam
upset over the blackberry! i am not materialistic!!! am i? i don't use it's internet capabilities so i don't need it...but this new one	upset over the blackberry. i am not materialistic. am i. i don't use it's internet capabilities so i don't need it.but this new one
why haven't i had the time to charge my blackberry lately?	why haven't i had the time to charge my blackberry lately.
my blackberry wont turn on  i feel a little bit lost!	my blackberry wont turn on  i feel a little bit lost.
should i treat my iphone to an lv case?  but might have to get a blackberry in oz to get unlimited internet access	should i treat my iphone to an lv case.  but might have to get a blackberry in oz to get unlimited internet access
@benshephard do u use twitter berry? is it for blackberry fones coz mine wont let me use it!	@benshephard do u use twitter berry. is it for blackberry fones coz mine wont let me use it.
omg! i got a new gadget.. its a blackberry phone but i dont know how to connect it on the internet..  its kinda huge.. cool !!	omg. i got a new gadget. its a blackberry phone but i dont know how to connect it on the internet.  its kinda huge. cool .
i wish i had a blackberry	i wish i had a blackberry
having a hard time using blackberry	having a hard time using blackberry
and clearly...ii need to get me a blackberry...but ii love my sliide	and clearly.ii need to get me a blackberry.but ii love my sliide
@jessicaviberg mee tooo  want a blackberry soo baad !!	@jessicaviberg mee tooo  want a blackberry soo baad .
omg i only have £113 .96  i need more to get a blackberry lol	omg i only have £113 .96  i need more to get a blackberry lol
@scott_fuller ughhdfkojdfklfadsj  im getting you a blackberry world	@scott_fuller ughhdfkojdfklfadsj  im getting you a blackberry world
grrr trying to register on the new @delicious_drips website but apparently theres a captcha that doesnt view on blackberry.  boo!	grrr trying to register on the new @delicious_drips website but apparently theres a captcha that doesnt view on blackberry.  boo.
yeah i was begging for a blackberry but it didn't work  but i really like the voyager it's so good	yeah i was begging for a blackberry but it didn't work  but i really like the voyager it's so good
@sawandi do it!!! i think i'm gonna keep it simple. not too simple but i think i'mma pass on the blackberry	@sawandi do it. i think i'm gonna keep it simple. not too simple but i think i'mma pass on the blackberry
the new blackberry.. kinda interesting.. i mis my snoooze button!	the new blackberry. kinda interesting. i mis my snoooze button.
i really need to get a damn blackberry	i really need to get a damn blackberry
@spedteacher i agree! i picked up some followers after i mentioned my blackberry to you a few days ago.	@spedteacher i agree. i picked up some followers after i mentioned my blackberry to you a few days ago.
@tiffanynhouston i wish it was my cell! lol i miss my blackberry! no cell here.	@tiffanynhouston i wish it was my cell. lol i miss my blackberry. no cell here.
why did i have 8 shots of blackberry stoli last night.. now i have to skip the gym	why did i have 8 shots of blackberry stoli last night. now i have to skip the gym
i'm never going to figure out why my blackberry periodically deletes every message and call log. it just hates me.	i'm never going to figure out why my blackberry periodically deletes every message and call log. it just hates me.
@dentaldiva1 probably tonight i think i got it working on my blackberry but i need to get off twitter and do some work in the real world	@dentaldiva1 probably tonight i think i got it working on my blackberry but i need to get off twitter and do some work in the real world
@zackarydoo   if only the blackberry  server would actually let me get anywhere   ugh	@zackarydoo   if only the blackberry  server would actually let me get anywhere   ugh
dropped my blackberry bold today and it landed on the only side that is not protected by the case [sods law]... she's scratched - gutted	dropped my blackberry bold today and it landed on the only side that is not protected by the case [sods law]. she's scratched - gutted
is wondering why the internet on her blackberry isn't working	is wondering why the internet on her blackberry isn't working
i want a new phone  are blackberrys any good?	i want a new phone  are blackberrys any good.
my blackberry died	my blackberry died
so i'm hating this freaking tiny twitter for blackberry... and i would use twitterfon that i have on my ipod touch but no wifi out here	so i'm hating this freaking tiny twitter for blackberry. and i would use twitterfon that i have on my ipod touch but no wifi out here
twitter on blackberry sucks ! i cant upload twitterberry	twitter on blackberry sucks . i cant upload twitterberry
the #blackberrystorm update took away a good feature...i cant switch between vibrate and sound by pressing the button on top right.	the #blackberrystorm update took away a good feature.i cant switch between vibrate and sound by pressing the button on top right.
ball is not clicking on my blackberry!  &amp;&amp;im in so much pain!!!!	ball is not clicking on my blackberry.  &amp;&amp;im in so much pain.
i want a	i want a
i gotta say buh bye to my blackberry tomorrow  &amp;get another new one! i wish they'd just give me the right one &amp; make sure it ain't broken!	i gotta say buh bye to my blackberry tomorrow  &amp;get another new one. i wish they'd just give me the right one &amp; make sure it ain't broken.
just found out that my new blackberry hasnt got a camera !  ow well. i need starbyysss; i am addicted	just found out that my new blackberry hasnt got a camera .  ow well. i need starbyysss; i am addicted
@jlock i twitter on my blackberry using ubertwitter...its an addiction	@jlock i twitter on my blackberry using ubertwitter.its an addiction
why is my blackberry and twitter not co-operating today?!	why is my blackberry and twitter not co-operating today.
went through my blackberry and deleted some contacts....i went from 674 to 581...	went through my blackberry and deleted some contacts.i went from 674 to 581.
i wanna switch to blackberry	i wanna switch to blackberry
i really want 2 watch the tony awards. unfortunately i won't b able 2  does anybody know if u can watch them live on ur blackberry?	i really want 2 watch the tony awards. unfortunately i won't b able 2  does anybody know if u can watch them live on ur blackberry.
life without a blackberry is very quiet...     ugh	life without a blackberry is very quiet.     ugh
i need service for my blackberry.   but i dont' want to hurt my pockets. lmao  i think i'm gonna go buy a cheap ass go phone soon.	i need service for my blackberry.   but i dont' want to hurt my pockets. lmao  i think i'm gonna go buy a cheap ass go phone soon.
@b_easy if i knew how to find it  i'm not blackberry savvy	@b_easy if i knew how to find it  i'm not blackberry savvy
stupid blackberry. cant get it to send or receive txt or email. just stopped all the sudden. tried taking batt out/*228 nothing	stupid blackberry. cant get it to send or receive txt or email. just stopped all the sudden. tried taking batt out/*228 nothing
omg. my blackberry is so shady. for it to just cut off like this.	omg. my blackberry is so shady. for it to just cut off like this.
@blackberrybell3 ha yes. sowwy.	@blackberrybell3 ha yes. sowwy.
i soooo hate my phone!!!!! this storm is going back... it doesnt even feel like i have a blackberry...	i soooo hate my phone. this storm is going back. it doesnt even feel like i have a blackberry.
this phone isnt letting me twit pic ... cant wait to get my blackberry	this phone isnt letting me twit pic . cant wait to get my blackberry
is in aruba and my blackberry doesnt work   happy birthday to meee!	is in aruba and my blackberry doesnt work   happy birthday to meee.
i'll be on from my	i'll be on from my
my blackberry is down	my blackberry is down
just lost all my contacts in my blackberry  if you have the number text me with name and your pin	just lost all my contacts in my blackberry  if you have the number text me with name and your pin
i just fixed my blackberry but i lost all my contacts!!!	i just fixed my blackberry but i lost all my contacts.
@missbriewright trying to...can't domuch of nothing without my blackberry!  thanks though..i will try	@missbriewright trying to.can't domuch of nothing without my blackberry.  thanks though.i will try
@kiing_dadii82 oh ok. i kinda thought so lol. im still tryna get a blackberry lol. they wont let me upgrade	@kiing_dadii82 oh ok. i kinda thought so lol. im still tryna get a blackberry lol. they wont let me upgrade
somehow did a hard reset on my blackberry and managed to lose/move/mess up/disable everything....	somehow did a hard reset on my blackberry and managed to lose/move/mess up/disable everything.
just lost all the files on my media card for my blackberry.	just lost all the files on my media card for my blackberry.
@jdee313  you're blackberry is wack! lol... imma try to pin you	@jdee313  you're blackberry is wack. lol. imma try to pin you
kinda missing my blackberry....	kinda missing my blackberry.
i got caught givin a dude my blackberry to put his #. my life is over.  goodnite!	i got caught givin a dude my blackberry to put his #. my life is over.  goodnite.
@pinkpenguintoes fuck! i grabbed the wrong charger when i left i'll have to get it tomorrow  at least i have the blackberry as back up :/	@pinkpenguintoes fuck. i grabbed the wrong charger when i left i'll have to get it tomorrow  at least i have the blackberry as back up :/
what does it mean to &quot;compose pin&quot; on a blackberry mean?! i don't understand!  help please..	what does it mean to &quot;compose pin&quot; on a blackberry mean. i don't understand.  help please.
i hope i get a phone.  i really want 1 like @apetagon17 [blackberry] so i can keep up with this sh..stuff. ha	i hope i get a phone.  i really want 1 like @apetagon17 [blackberry] so i can keep up with this sh.stuff. ha
needs to download an upgrade to my blackberry so it can run smoother however	needs to download an upgrade to my blackberry so it can run smoother however
going to the see @jonasbrothers today and @ddlovato so excited. but my blackberry broke again i'm so upset	going to the see @jonasbrothers today and @ddlovato so excited. but my blackberry broke again i'm so upset
@tlockemy i can't figure out how to follow her on my blackberry	@tlockemy i can't figure out how to follow her on my blackberry
cant seem to dm on his blackberry	cant seem to dm on his blackberry
@thisismyiq i can't read it on my blackberry	@thisismyiq i can't read it on my blackberry
just downloaded twitter on my	just downloaded twitter on my
@talluluhbella it doesnt work chick i hate to tell you! the twitpic doesnt work on blackberry well it didnt on mine  xxx	@talluluhbella it doesnt work chick i hate to tell you. the twitpic doesnt work on blackberry well it didnt on mine  xxx
flickr uploader will not let me post a photo from my blackberry any more	flickr uploader will not let me post a photo from my blackberry any more
error 523 on the crackberry this morning...not looking good  #blackberry	error 523 on the crackberry this morning.not looking good  #blackberry
@blackberrygirl7 thank u i will - poor thing can't go 2 her last day of school 2day	@blackberrygirl7 thank u i will - poor thing can't go 2 her last day of school 2day
need camera advice on my blackberry.	need camera advice on my blackberry.
argh being forced to take a blackberry by work. not good. i have always supplied my own nokia for use on the company contract bye bye n96	argh being forced to take a blackberry by work. not good. i have always supplied my own nokia for use on the company contract bye bye n96
@jasonarmistead received many shoutout for tweetie.  but i have a blackberry   i love it other than for using the web	@jasonarmistead received many shoutout for tweetie.  but i have a blackberry   i love it other than for using the web
the brickbreaker game on my blackberry use to chill me out when i was pissed. now it just pisses me off more cause i keep losing.  fml	the brickbreaker game on my blackberry use to chill me out when i was pissed. now it just pisses me off more cause i keep losing.  fml
busy weekend. barely tweeted at all.   i wish i could afford a	busy weekend. barely tweeted at all.   i wish i could afford a
@love_crosby87 i wanna buy a kris letang autographed blackberry curve	@love_crosby87 i wanna buy a kris letang autographed blackberry curve
breaking my blackberry pearl..  anyone got an old spare stuck in a drawer not getting used? help!!!	breaking my blackberry pearl.  anyone got an old spare stuck in a drawer not getting used. help.
@jjfixit we never received the blackberry promised to us	@jjfixit we never received the blackberry promised to us
finally at home. chillin. called tmobile. options.  blackberry i love you since the moment i first layed hands onyou.	finally at home. chillin. called tmobile. options.  blackberry i love you since the moment i first layed hands onyou.
#blackberry app world leaves a lot to be desired  hope it gets better over time...	#blackberry app world leaves a lot to be desired  hope it gets better over time.
my blackberry is on its last leg	my blackberry is on its last leg
i think my keyboard on my blackberry bold is wearing out.  i've only had it since jan 1st!	i think my keyboard on my blackberry bold is wearing out.  i've only had it since jan 1st.
still no internet on my blackberry.  verizon ok'd service before travel	still no internet on my blackberry.  verizon ok'd service before travel
@derekbenoit why are you unavailable on blackberry messenging! i add you to talk	@derekbenoit why are you unavailable on blackberry messenging. i add you to talk
at work. annoyed because there's sand from the beach stuck in the ball of my blackberry	at work. annoyed because there's sand from the beach stuck in the ball of my blackberry
's blackberry is dead. only 3 more days until i get my iphone.  3 days without a phone.	's blackberry is dead. only 3 more days until i get my iphone.  3 days without a phone.
*cries* i scuffed up my blackberry	*cries* i scuffed up my blackberry
i miss my blackberry's connection so much.. still don't have a time to go to grapari. have to study for the encounter	i miss my blackberry's connection so much. still don't have a time to go to grapari. have to study for the encounter
it's getting difficult to type on my blackberry with long fingernails	it's getting difficult to type on my blackberry with long fingernails
@oxemalieexo moose just likes the forbidden fruit of tweeting from matt's blackberry!  i understand the pissy mood  good luck!	@oxemalieexo moose just likes the forbidden fruit of tweeting from matt's blackberry.  i understand the pissy mood  good luck.
's blackberry is bent where you plug in the charger. got to get it reparied tomorrow. until then	's blackberry is bent where you plug in the charger. got to get it reparied tomorrow. until then
interesting: a &quot;lime world&quot; icon has popped up on my blackberry. i wonder what it does. i'm curious	interesting: a &quot;lime world&quot; icon has popped up on my blackberry. i wonder what it does. i'm curious
kinda wants a new fone but doesn't know what will ever replace his blackberry  ...for now-its time to sleep!!!	kinda wants a new fone but doesn't know what will ever replace his blackberry  .for now-its time to sleep.
i left my blackberry at work and am suffering from some pretty intense withdrawal.	i left my blackberry at work and am suffering from some pretty intense withdrawal.
well since the 9500 blackberry storm will b about as much as itll cost me 2 upgrade 2 the 3gs mid contract might as well stick w/ at&amp;t	well since the 9500 blackberry storm will b about as much as itll cost me 2 upgrade 2 the 3gs mid contract might as well stick w/ at&amp;t
fixing my uberrr lagging blackberry! lots of apps to reinstall	fixing my uberrr lagging blackberry. lots of apps to reinstall
i had to fish my blackberry out of the toilet today!	i had to fish my blackberry out of the toilet today.
fuck blackberry!!	fuck blackberry.
i've been going a little crazy downloading stuff on my	i've been going a little crazy downloading stuff on my
@mysensation my mistake on my blackberry you pic looks like a girl i graduated with. my screen is too small	@mysensation my mistake on my blackberry you pic looks like a girl i graduated with. my screen is too small
is disappointed that the new blackberry coming to t-mobile will actually be a downgrade from the one i have	is disappointed that the new blackberry coming to t-mobile will actually be a downgrade from the one i have
is almost famous!!! and wonders if i can blackberry message people that live in the states?? hmmm to bad i don't know anyone	is almost famous. and wonders if i can blackberry message people that live in the states. hmmm to bad i don't know anyone
@crazypabz u got an iphone? what happened to our blackberry pride?	@crazypabz u got an iphone. what happened to our blackberry pride.
wishes her blackberry had wifi	wishes her blackberry had wifi
@nimatime  blackberry® i actually applied but they said i had 2 move 2 canada 4 the position i wanted  kinda sad... i$h crackberry addict	@nimatime  blackberry® i actually applied but they said i had 2 move 2 canada 4 the position i wanted  kinda sad. i$h crackberry addict
@tasjaa yeah.  i've been trying to google how to get my blackberry messenger to work. it's so annoying!	@tasjaa yeah.  i've been trying to google how to get my blackberry messenger to work. it's so annoying.
@feblub they just appear as black squares on my blackberry with twitterberry	@feblub they just appear as black squares on my blackberry with twitterberry
lindsay lohan took a photo of herself topless with her blackberry then posted it to twitter for the world to see	lindsay lohan took a photo of herself topless with her blackberry then posted it to twitter for the world to see
i lost my blackberry    pitty   they making calls as well since im negotiating to give me back	i lost my blackberry    pitty   they making calls as well since im negotiating to give me back
would love to know why google chat doesn't work on her blackberry ...	would love to know why google chat doesn't work on her blackberry .
my blackberry is fucking up. it keeps auto deleting text messages and emails.  everytime i pick it up	my blackberry is fucking up. it keeps auto deleting text messages and emails.  everytime i pick it up
nooooo critical error my blackberry is dead! now need to send a exchange out	nooooo critical error my blackberry is dead. now need to send a exchange out
replacement handset for my blackberry comes tomorrow. they are sending me exactly the same one. curve 8320 how is this even possible?	replacement handset for my blackberry comes tomorrow. they are sending me exactly the same one. curve 8320 how is this even possible.
@pinkberrygirl its just iam going to have to turn off the blackberry service coz it will cost to much so ill be limited to phone and text	@pinkberrygirl its just iam going to have to turn off the blackberry service coz it will cost to much so ill be limited to phone and text
i just want my trackball to get unstck. this is the onlý downside to blackberrys	i just want my trackball to get unstck. this is the onlý downside to blackberrys
@girltaristhan blackberry bold	@girltaristhan blackberry bold
craving for new blackberry device. the 8520 gemini is not so attractive though	craving for new blackberry device. the 8520 gemini is not so attractive though
is looking to get twitter on her blackberry... anyone know how? tinytwitter failed me	is looking to get twitter on her blackberry. anyone know how. tinytwitter failed me
agreed.. @pabbas: craving for new blackberry device. the 8520 gemini is not so attractive though	agreed. @pabbas: craving for new blackberry device. the 8520 gemini is not so attractive though
blackberry-less	blackberry-less
blackberry messenger is down on my phone. i'm working on fixing the problem now. please be patient	blackberry messenger is down on my phone. i'm working on fixing the problem now. please be patient
wishes blackberry had as many apps as iphone!	wishes blackberry had as many apps as iphone.
just posted up at work....my twitter on my blackberry still isnt working	just posted up at work.my twitter on my blackberry still isnt working
broke my phone this am  luckily my host mom has an old blackberry she's letting me stash my sim card in it. thanks steph!!	broke my phone this am  luckily my host mom has an old blackberry she's letting me stash my sim card in it. thanks steph.
dear #squarespace..i am on vacation and my blackberry committed suicide..please o please pick me for the iphone!	dear #squarespace.i am on vacation and my blackberry committed suicide.please o please pick me for the iphone.
@arkatechbeatz lol me 2 i have no problems with ubertwitter !! twitterberry f'kd my blackberry up	@arkatechbeatz lol me 2 i have no problems with ubertwitter . twitterberry f'kd my blackberry up
@misssididdy damn i have to do it from a cpu can't do it from my blackberry	@misssididdy damn i have to do it from a cpu can't do it from my blackberry
i feel like an idiot...i can't figure out how to change the little message noise on my blackberry	i feel like an idiot.i can't figure out how to change the little message noise on my blackberry
has his blackberry back but twitterberry doesnt work to good on the storm	has his blackberry back but twitterberry doesnt work to good on the storm
needs to hurry up &amp; get a blackberry to twitter. why are men confusing people!!...damn im falling for you!!!!!!  x	needs to hurry up &amp; get a blackberry to twitter. why are men confusing people.damn im falling for you.  x
i need to go in and see what's wrong with my blackberry	i need to go in and see what's wrong with my blackberry
why won't my blackberry and twitter get along? i'm sick of this.	why won't my blackberry and twitter get along. i'm sick of this.
@markmathson but no blackberry support	@markmathson but no blackberry support
all this old shit on my blackberry caught me off guard.got rid of calender dates	all this old shit on my blackberry caught me off guard.got rid of calender dates
wondering why my blackberry isn't receiving tweets?!? no updates since last night.   i need my tweets!	wondering why my blackberry isn't receiving tweets. no updates since last night.   i need my tweets.
@silverahnia it can't be done babe sorry  unless it's a blackberry storm	@silverahnia it can't be done babe sorry  unless it's a blackberry storm
&quot;i suspect those poor blackberry users are seriously gonna have to eat their hearts out	&quot;i suspect those poor blackberry users are seriously gonna have to eat their hearts out
i am doing #gno from my blackberry...definitely more challenging	i am doing #gno from my blackberry.definitely more challenging
@iamspeedy it looks kinda weird on tv. i think i'll wait 4 a cooler pda phone. (touch pro 2??) i want a blackberry tho!	@iamspeedy it looks kinda weird on tv. i think i'll wait 4 a cooler pda phone. (touch pro 2.) i want a blackberry tho.
@binkyveloria hey!! i liked my blackberry!  lol	@binkyveloria hey. i liked my blackberry.  lol
@lilstevieirk uhh ubertwitter for blackberry. its new to me  http://myloc.me/46nc	@lilstevieirk uhh ubertwitter for blackberry. its new to me  http://myloc.me/46nc
@annabethblue that's a really cool feature. hopefully you'll get a blackberry version. still no contacts like twitterena	@annabethblue that's a really cool feature. hopefully you'll get a blackberry version. still no contacts like twitterena
i want my blackberry back!!	i want my blackberry back.
would love 2 see trey live but only have a blackberry&amp; a pearl@ that	would love 2 see trey live but only have a blackberry&amp; a pearl@ that
my pics from #140conf today: http://bit.ly/141z0v - sorry about the poor blackberry bold shots. left my sd card for proper camera at home	my pics from #140conf today: http://bit.ly/141z0v - sorry about the poor blackberry bold shots. left my sd card for proper camera at home
blackberry wont charge...call the house	blackberry wont charge.call the house
@sabatheg k will let u know hun and don't use twitterberry use ubertwitter !! twitterberry will freeze ur blackberry up	@sabatheg k will let u know hun and don't use twitterberry use ubertwitter . twitterberry will freeze ur blackberry up
annecurtissmith whered you left your blackberry?	annecurtissmith whered you left your blackberry.
@annecurtissmith whered you left your blackberry?	@annecurtissmith whered you left your blackberry.
searching for the best #blackberry apps. i miss pirette	searching for the best #blackberry apps. i miss pirette
ahhhh i want my blackberry!!!! .. back to econ.. and psych	ahhhh i want my blackberry. . back to econ. and psych
my blackberry got eaten...	my blackberry got eaten.
is lovin picture2life.com!!! y all fun apps r for iphone and not blackberry??!!	is lovin picture2life.com. y all fun apps r for iphone and not blackberry.
hasn't had time for the net i need my blackberry back i miss it	hasn't had time for the net i need my blackberry back i miss it
tell me how to delete application from blackberry.   - http://tweet.sg	tell me how to delete application from blackberry.   - http://tweet.sg
i miss my blackberry	i miss my blackberry
@emilykatvon jealouss. i just bought a blackberry bold n i think im regretting  coz it turns out the curve 8900 is better! noooo	@emilykatvon jealouss. i just bought a blackberry bold n i think im regretting  coz it turns out the curve 8900 is better. noooo
turns out i already have the latest os version for my blackberry. sorry i ever doubted u baby	turns out i already have the latest os version for my blackberry. sorry i ever doubted u baby
turning 23 oh my god  sent via blackberry from t-mobile	turning 23 oh my god  sent via blackberry from t-mobile
thumbs are hurting from all this twittering on blackberry	thumbs are hurting from all this twittering on blackberry
i'm attempting to upgrade my blackberry.  this usually causes it to either crash or refuse to accept incoming messages.	i'm attempting to upgrade my blackberry.  this usually causes it to either crash or refuse to accept incoming messages.
anyone successfully deployed software to handsets via blackberry professional server.  index isnt finding anything	anyone successfully deployed software to handsets via blackberry professional server.  index isnt finding anything
i feel so tired and my blackberry isn't letting me get on the internet	i feel so tired and my blackberry isn't letting me get on the internet
blackberry is sick	blackberry is sick
@chuggalove blackberry or iphone?  i wanna stay true to apple	@chuggalove blackberry or iphone.  i wanna stay true to apple
just went to the eye doctor. it makes reading my blackberry impossible!	just went to the eye doctor. it makes reading my blackberry impossible.
@supaontheradio awww man if i had a blackberry	@supaontheradio awww man if i had a blackberry
is still spinning my blackberry - theres a darkhole at the backside of this golden curve!	is still spinning my blackberry - theres a darkhole at the backside of this golden curve.
@kimibananas new iphone 3g ooooor blackberry lol i got so used to have internet everywhere	@kimibananas new iphone 3g ooooor blackberry lol i got so used to have internet everywhere
needs an iphone or a blackberry to tweet all the time	needs an iphone or a blackberry to tweet all the time
@lindsayjrussell i want a blackberry bold   lol but there isn't anything wrong with me.	@lindsayjrussell i want a blackberry bold   lol but there isn't anything wrong with me.
@nicekicks  unfortunately the new servers or whatever you guys changed is not so blackberry browser friendly  your page won't load	@nicekicks  unfortunately the new servers or whatever you guys changed is not so blackberry browser friendly  your page won't load
what do u do if ur ball in ur blackberry isn't scrolling down?	what do u do if ur ball in ur blackberry isn't scrolling down.
@anddh i want a blackberry so much but i can't find the one i want here in brazil.. that sucks.	@anddh i want a blackberry so much but i can't find the one i want here in brazil. that sucks.
@guardiantech getting &quot;http 413 request entity too large&quot; error when accessing your links on my blackberry. can't read stories	@guardiantech getting &quot;http 413 request entity too large&quot; error when accessing your links on my blackberry. can't read stories
hi twitter-mates! just installed a twitter app on my new blackberry. haven't tweeted in ages! my service doesn't do iphone.	hi twitter-mates. just installed a twitter app on my new blackberry. haven't tweeted in ages. my service doesn't do iphone.
so my blackberry just give up on me  its done	so my blackberry just give up on me  its done
wish i brought a blackberry instead of iphone  - regrets	wish i brought a blackberry instead of iphone  - regrets
@shayminn i tried sweetheart but it won't play on my blackberry! i'm sad now!	@shayminn i tried sweetheart but it won't play on my blackberry. i'm sad now.
why can't i have a twitter application on my blackberry?	why can't i have a twitter application on my blackberry.
i can't upload pics from my blackberry to twitpic	i can't upload pics from my blackberry to twitpic
@taptam_76 i can't...the blackberry is a work perk so if i move to an iphone they won't pay for my bills	@taptam_76 i can't.the blackberry is a work perk so if i move to an iphone they won't pay for my bills
i very much dislike the new facebook application for blackberry	i very much dislike the new facebook application for blackberry
@drewdatrip dont worry man. you can still multitask the 5 blackberry apps. iphone users can only single task the 50000 apps we have	@drewdatrip dont worry man. you can still multitask the 5 blackberry apps. iphone users can only single task the 50000 apps we have
blackberry is freaking out	blackberry is freaking out
@aefix i wish i had a blackberry	@aefix i wish i had a blackberry
just installed twitterberry to my blackberry... this app isn't easy to use	just installed twitterberry to my blackberry. this app isn't easy to use
im so bored that i think i'm going to stick firecrackers in jelly donuts. sorry folks-i can't take topless pics-i dont have a blackberry	im so bored that i think i'm going to stick firecrackers in jelly donuts. sorry folks-i can't take topless pics-i dont have a blackberry
lost my blackberry messenger contact list. please add me again	lost my blackberry messenger contact list. please add me again
@iamthecommodore  i want a blackberry.....  ohh and tweetdeck is better...jk	@iamthecommodore  i want a blackberry.  ohh and tweetdeck is better.jk
my blackberrys trackball broke  i should get a new one tomorrow though	my blackberrys trackball broke  i should get a new one tomorrow though
@lostinseoul i can't even look online to find recipes   my blackberry is my only connection to the world!	@lostinseoul i can't even look online to find recipes   my blackberry is my only connection to the world.
@myeth.      my blackberry hates me!!! it shut off on me all day.	@myeth.      my blackberry hates me. it shut off on me all day.
@tsuggs721 my blackberry. it is freezing and dying	@tsuggs721 my blackberry. it is freezing and dying
@nicolle77 nope. not at all.	@nicolle77 nope. not at all.
@myfabolouslife happens 2 my stupid blackberry all the time	@myfabolouslife happens 2 my stupid blackberry all the time
i hate this new phone i got i miss my blackberry  i think im a have 2 go get the new blackberry touch fuck a samsung!!!!	i hate this new phone i got i miss my blackberry  i think im a have 2 go get the new blackberry touch fuck a samsung.
mad because metro pcs just added the blackberry for 450$. would buy it but just got a new phone a couple months ago	mad because metro pcs just added the blackberry for 450$. would buy it but just got a new phone a couple months ago
i'm so lost how do i use twitter on my blackberry bold	i'm so lost how do i use twitter on my blackberry bold
i updated from my blackberry like 10 times in the past couple days. and it hasn't been sending  how lame!!	i updated from my blackberry like 10 times in the past couple days. and it hasn't been sending  how lame.
@djremedy8 buuuutttt....if you had a blackberry then we could have bbmed....bummer	@djremedy8 buuuutttt.if you had a blackberry then we could have bbmed.bummer
blackberry bold or new iphone. i don't know which on to get on friday  haha	blackberry bold or new iphone. i don't know which on to get on friday  haha
i get really sad when no one texts me.... i'm a textaholic  the curse of the blackberry	i get really sad when no one texts me. i'm a textaholic  the curse of the blackberry
@ericssan nope. digi doesn't have blackberry service.	@ericssan nope. digi doesn't have blackberry service.
really annoyed with my internet connection! blackberry internet isn't the same	really annoyed with my internet connection. blackberry internet isn't the same
@duskodjukic what is that? i think that i just need to switch back to a blackberry.	@duskodjukic what is that. i think that i just need to switch back to a blackberry.
i have never felt so disconnected. no	i have never felt so disconnected. no
getting up to review jay's new work because my blackberry has limits	getting up to review jay's new work because my blackberry has limits
can't sleep. i had that chance with that chunky monkey.. missed it.  stupid blackberry phone!	can't sleep. i had that chance with that chunky monkey. missed it.  stupid blackberry phone.
i can pass. i have to if i want that blackberry! its not 7:09.. i should start getting readddy  gah	i can pass. i have to if i want that blackberry. its not 7:09. i should start getting readddy  gah
how did i manage to leave with only one phone today?!?!  what the heck am i supposed to do without my blackberry allllllllll day	how did i manage to leave with only one phone today.  what the heck am i supposed to do without my blackberry allllllllll day
buy me a blackberry curve	buy me a blackberry curve
overnight - 14 emails on my work	overnight - 14 emails on my work
i just dropped my blackberry in a craft store  &amp; scuffed a brand new pair of heels. times are not good!	i just dropped my blackberry in a craft store  &amp; scuffed a brand new pair of heels. times are not good.
i hate that i forgot my blackberry at home today!	i hate that i forgot my blackberry at home today.
wishes the oven worked so i could make apple and blackberry pies	wishes the oven worked so i could make apple and blackberry pies
not happy her blackberry sucks right now...i need a phone that works 24/7	not happy her blackberry sucks right now.i need a phone that works 24/7
i wish people would see iphone potential instead of the blackberry!!	i wish people would see iphone potential instead of the blackberry.
gotta pay the internet bill  so now ima just be on my blackberry	gotta pay the internet bill  so now ima just be on my blackberry
i wish i wasn't switching to verizon later in the year so i could get the iphone  i guess the blackberry storm will do..	i wish i wasn't switching to verizon later in the year so i could get the iphone  i guess the blackberry storm will do.
which is better and money worthy? iphone or blackberry? i'm currently using iphone but my baby andre(iphone) has been bitchy towards me	which is better and money worthy. iphone or blackberry. i'm currently using iphone but my baby andre(iphone) has been bitchy towards me
last twitterberry update  done with blackberry's. going to get either an iphone or a sidekick	last twitterberry update  done with blackberry's. going to get either an iphone or a sidekick
i want a blackberry or a sidekick soo bad	i want a blackberry or a sidekick soo bad
r.i..p laptop  ..buy my blackberry bold plan is active add me  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 20e28757	r.i.p laptop  .buy my blackberry bold plan is active add me  &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 20e28757
@danache @mz_lala8701 i'm having trble replying back to ppl on my blackberry what am i doing wrng help!!!! i can only do it from my pc	@danache @mz_lala8701 i'm having trble replying back to ppl on my blackberry what am i doing wrng help. i can only do it from my pc
@etanowitz my  blackberry is so old i can't shoot video.	@etanowitz my  blackberry is so old i can't shoot video.
can't set up twitter to work with my blackberry	can't set up twitter to work with my blackberry
dead feet from work! another 3 days worth though! i'll run out of outfits haha. i reaaally wish i had a blackberry	dead feet from work. another 3 days worth though. i'll run out of outfits haha. i reaaally wish i had a blackberry
@technosailor good story about blackberry &amp; location services.  palm pre battery would have died long before you could ever locate it.	@technosailor good story about blackberry &amp; location services.  palm pre battery would have died long before you could ever locate it.
am having some td uploading a photo of my linebacker bumblebee sized blackberry cobbler!	am having some td uploading a photo of my linebacker bumblebee sized blackberry cobbler.
@exprincess no. i'm on another call anyway...work blackberry.	@exprincess no. i'm on another call anyway.work blackberry.
my mom just got her blackberry in the mail. it pisses me off since i have to wait till september to get my iphone!	my mom just got her blackberry in the mail. it pisses me off since i have to wait till september to get my iphone.
i want the new 3.0 for my blackberry	i want the new 3.0 for my blackberry
@uchimanelaflare i got the blackberry 8330 not the storm	@uchimanelaflare i got the blackberry 8330 not the storm
realized he doesn't use his blackberry that much because he misses his uber cool sidekick.	realized he doesn't use his blackberry that much because he misses his uber cool sidekick.
@davewhitehouse got catch the really train to microsoft in the morning 2 hours of bad coffee and blackberry users	@davewhitehouse got catch the really train to microsoft in the morning 2 hours of bad coffee and blackberry users
in the need of a new phone  and my blackberry cost too much	in the need of a new phone  and my blackberry cost too much
trackball fell out of my blackberry  anyone know where i can get it fixed????	trackball fell out of my blackberry  anyone know where i can get it fixed.
wish i could write articles on my blackberry  anyone got a cheap laptop for sale?	wish i could write articles on my blackberry  anyone got a cheap laptop for sale.
just dropped my blackberry.    everything seems 2 be o.k.........	just dropped my blackberry.    everything seems 2 be o.k.
celcom customer service sucks. my blackberry email after 6 days is still not working but yet they took money from me!!	celcom customer service sucks. my blackberry email after 6 days is still not working but yet they took money from me.
blackberry tour comes out for telus on july 15th. should i switch to that one? i really loved my storm though.  :/ what to do?	blackberry tour comes out for telus on july 15th. should i switch to that one. i really loved my storm though.  :/ what to do.
rip blackberry	rip blackberry
so mad i lost my lil blackberry cover	so mad i lost my lil blackberry cover
omg. spilled a nice amount of blackberry bliss smoothie in my messenger bag. washing my precious custom timbuk2 for the first time	omg. spilled a nice amount of blackberry bliss smoothie in my messenger bag. washing my precious custom timbuk2 for the first time
cant decide if i want to keep this phone or get a blackberry. both are going to have their cons	cant decide if i want to keep this phone or get a blackberry. both are going to have their cons
@ssjtapkar ah! yeah. this is a major failing with the blackberry.	@ssjtapkar ah. yeah. this is a major failing with the blackberry.
how is it that blackberry's dont have wifi	how is it that blackberry's dont have wifi
i miss my old blackberry  i don't like the fonts on this.	i miss my old blackberry  i don't like the fonts on this.
@rmiriam i already started drinking alone  #pastthepointofnoreturn #icantfigureoutdmonmyblackberry	@rmiriam i already started drinking alone  #pastthepointofnoreturn #icantfigureoutdmonmyblackberry
@swaqqsoosiqk i canttttttttt!  i can't focus! and my blackberry got a hold on me right now	@swaqqsoosiqk i canttttttttt.  i can't focus. and my blackberry got a hold on me right now
wow. my blackberry has decided to glue its self to my hands tonight.  ugh little does it know i have work to do!	wow. my blackberry has decided to glue its self to my hands tonight.  ugh little does it know i have work to do.
still can't get this blackberry to work properly!	still can't get this blackberry to work properly.
@staciebee no iphone for me   i'm on a blackberry bold.	@staciebee no iphone for me   i'm on a blackberry bold.
right now i am trying to figure out why i cant open up attachments frm emails on my blackberry  n e suggestions?	right now i am trying to figure out why i cant open up attachments frm emails on my blackberry  n e suggestions.
i think that blackberrys are the best phones ever made... but i want the new iphone 3g s.	i think that blackberrys are the best phones ever made. but i want the new iphone 3g s.
playing brick breaker on my blackberry. cause i can't sleep	playing brick breaker on my blackberry. cause i can't sleep
* wow.  i just randomly lost all text messages i had sent and received between 7:04pm and 11:19pm.  gooo blackberry curve.    lame.  #fb	* wow.  i just randomly lost all text messages i had sent and received between 7:04pm and 11:19pm.  gooo blackberry curve.    lame.  #fb
@lainelepoidvin lol i wasn't sure if i had you on here already! i tweet from my blackberry and i can't search people!	@lainelepoidvin lol i wasn't sure if i had you on here already. i tweet from my blackberry and i can't search people.
i think the life of my blackberry is done. cracked screen	i think the life of my blackberry is done. cracked screen
can't believe there's no proper twitter app for blackberry! twitterberry/tinytwitter both suck.	can't believe there's no proper twitter app for blackberry. twitterberry/tinytwitter both suck.
cant wait till i get my blackberry back on monday *fingers crossed* .. i miss twitter and facebook wen on my travels  xx	cant wait till i get my blackberry back on monday *fingers crossed* . i miss twitter and facebook wen on my travels  xx
aww i want nokia e series/samsung omnia  or a blackberry !!!	aww i want nokia e series/samsung omnia  or a blackberry .
wants a blackberry....	wants a blackberry.
hate all the crap that comes with a new phone -we have the iphone 3gs and a blackberry curve 8900 and about 100 bits of plastic and paper	hate all the crap that comes with a new phone -we have the iphone 3gs and a blackberry curve 8900 and about 100 bits of plastic and paper
im depressed because my blackberry is still broken and i cant prove the new ubertwitter  movistar suckssss!	im depressed because my blackberry is still broken and i cant prove the new ubertwitter  movistar suckssss.
i want a blackberry sooo bad!  help meehh! xdd	i want a blackberry sooo bad.  help meehh. xdd
@shegotbaggage i would say the g1. i have the behold and i'm def thinking of going back to my blackberry just three months in. behold =	@shegotbaggage i would say the g1. i have the behold and i'm def thinking of going back to my blackberry just three months in. behold =
@shegotbaggage i would say the g1. i have the #behold and i'm def thinking of going back to my blackberry just three months in. behold =	@shegotbaggage i would say the g1. i have the #behold and i'm def thinking of going back to my blackberry just three months in. behold =
@thurrott i like tweetdeck (much better than thwirl) - no blackberry client	@thurrott i like tweetdeck (much better than thwirl) - no blackberry client
@fwmj so jealous.  i hate blackberry.	@fwmj so jealous.  i hate blackberry.
cell phone is frozen and dead. blackberry vs iphone hmmmmmmmmmm.  i don't want to buy a new phone already.	cell phone is frozen and dead. blackberry vs iphone hmmmmmmmmmm.  i don't want to buy a new phone already.
i'm about to throw my blackberry at something. it's annoying me  i want an curve 8900. btw fuck tmobile too.	i'm about to throw my blackberry at something. it's annoying me  i want an curve 8900. btw fuck tmobile too.
you would think blackberry pomegranite yogurt would be good	you would think blackberry pomegranite yogurt would be good
what happend to my facebook app. on my blackberry	what happend to my facebook app. on my blackberry
i love my blackberry soo much! it has every thing i need and want! buttttt spencer makes me want an iphone!!!	i love my blackberry soo much. it has every thing i need and want. buttttt spencer makes me want an iphone.
why won't the blackberry app world let me make a purchase   #blackberry  #fb http://myloc.me/4tix	why won't the blackberry app world let me make a purchase   #blackberry  #fb http://myloc.me/4tix
@maddsketch but it's the middle of the day! i wanna watch but mr.blackberry won't allow it	@maddsketch but it's the middle of the day. i wanna watch but mr.blackberry won't allow it
@jhef iheartradio worked 1st day i loaded it but hasn't worked since now can't get it off my blackberry  ideas?	@jhef iheartradio worked 1st day i loaded it but hasn't worked since now can't get it off my blackberry  ideas.
should i go for a blackberry curve 8300 or a blackberry curve 8900 ???  i can't decide	should i go for a blackberry curve 8300 or a blackberry curve 8900 .  i can't decide
scratched my blackberry screen and i am very upset.	scratched my blackberry screen and i am very upset.
everyone has iphones wtf! all i keep seein r posts from their 3gs iphones  all i have is a blackberry wahhh oh well out of work goin home	everyone has iphones wtf. all i keep seein r posts from their 3gs iphones  all i have is a blackberry wahhh oh well out of work goin home
i tried to green-ify my avatar from my blackberry and now i just have a green box	i tried to green-ify my avatar from my blackberry and now i just have a green box
i cant take it anymore!! im gettin a blackberry!!!!	i cant take it anymore. im gettin a blackberry.
@ginatrapani i'm not buying a new iphone b/c my wife and i foolishly bought blackberrys the day before pricing came out	@ginatrapani i'm not buying a new iphone b/c my wife and i foolishly bought blackberrys the day before pricing came out
i totally dropped my blackberry sheath at the bus stop at haight/baker this morning	i totally dropped my blackberry sheath at the bus stop at haight/baker this morning
i wish i could get rid of the &quot;sent from my verizon wireless blackberry&quot; signature on bb emails. but vzw has it locked.	i wish i could get rid of the &quot;sent from my verizon wireless blackberry&quot; signature on bb emails. but vzw has it locked.
so my blackberry cuts on but the buttons dont work  anyone know of any blackberry repair shops?	so my blackberry cuts on but the buttons dont work  anyone know of any blackberry repair shops.
i hope the bootlegger got a damn phone charger for sale cuz my blackberry is dying.	i hope the bootlegger got a damn phone charger for sale cuz my blackberry is dying.
my blackberry subscription expired...so much for ticking the calender and calling the cow at customer care....stuck on the internet	my blackberry subscription expired.so much for ticking the calender and calling the cow at customer care.stuck on the internet
@azrael2393  maybe this works: http://web189.server7.webplus24.de/blackberry.3gp	@azrael2393  maybe this works: http://web189.server7.webplus24.de/blackberry.3gp
#bummer! #csl page says: #blackberry handheld software v4.6.0.477 (eastasia)	#bummer. #csl page says: #blackberry handheld software v4.6.0.477 (eastasia)
@thestafford oops! darn blackberry keyboard. i hit &quot;k&quot; instead of &quot;l&quot;	@thestafford oops. darn blackberry keyboard. i hit &quot;k&quot; instead of &quot;l&quot;
sent via blackberry from t-mobile	sent via blackberry from t-mobile
had to completly reset blackberry now i have nothing.. very angry and i think i have a reason to get iphone	had to completly reset blackberry now i have nothing. very angry and i think i have a reason to get iphone
i'm lodged between the blackberry bold and the #iphone 3gs  ofcourse.	i'm lodged between the blackberry bold and the #iphone 3gs  ofcourse.
@wrecklessly_his bahah! whateva dude! txt me now plz so i can have your #. i dropped my blackberry in the washer.	@wrecklessly_his bahah. whateva dude. txt me now plz so i can have your #. i dropped my blackberry in the washer.
i've got the iphone glenn  wished i had chosen the blackberry now	i've got the iphone glenn  wished i had chosen the blackberry now
@sixapart why can't i get the typepad app for my blackberry!?	@sixapart why can't i get the typepad app for my blackberry.
ok.. how do i get my twitpic to work on my blackberry?? it says send to twitterberry but it wont upload.....	ok. how do i get my twitpic to work on my blackberry. it says send to twitterberry but it wont upload.
blackberry actin weird	blackberry actin weird
wife's blackberry took a little bath today.  guess we know where my 3gs upgrade is going to be used if the bag of rice doesn't help	wife's blackberry took a little bath today.  guess we know where my 3gs upgrade is going to be used if the bag of rice doesn't help
switched from a blackberry to an iphone 3gs tonight.  but someone tell me i will learn to like the iphone &quot;keyboard&quot; change sucks	switched from a blackberry to an iphone 3gs tonight.  but someone tell me i will learn to like the iphone &quot;keyboard&quot; change sucks
i'm getting a blackberry so i don't miss anything anymore! still pretty bummed i missed the chance to win tix to gavin degraw	i'm getting a blackberry so i don't miss anything anymore. still pretty bummed i missed the chance to win tix to gavin degraw
i think i might just be happy that it will rain tomorrow. my baby blackberry is gone  i love it so much!&lt;/3 r.i.p.	i think i might just be happy that it will rain tomorrow. my baby blackberry is gone  i love it so much.&lt;/3 r.i.p.
understand* i so fail at blackberrys	understand* i so fail at blackberrys
@zoloworld r.i.p red blackberry	@zoloworld r.i.p red blackberry
#dontyouhate when yourr battery on your blackberry is low &amp;the radio signal turns off &amp;you cant get txts or calls?  or is that jst mine?	#dontyouhate when yourr battery on your blackberry is low &amp;the radio signal turns off &amp;you cant get txts or calls.  or is that jst mine.
how do you get internet on a blackberry? i have the plan	how do you get internet on a blackberry. i have the plan
@sebastianmego and siri is downtown? i never heard of it. upgrade your phone man! i do too. i want a blackberry though. still not driving	@sebastianmego and siri is downtown. i never heard of it. upgrade your phone man. i do too. i want a blackberry though. still not driving
lip gloss finger and blackberry scroll ball finger need to be different fingers	lip gloss finger and blackberry scroll ball finger need to be different fingers
@bbgeekchic  i have not been a happy camper today.... blackberry has been	@bbgeekchic  i have not been a happy camper today. blackberry has been
my scrolly bar on my blackberry wont go up - help me before i go insane	my scrolly bar on my blackberry wont go up - help me before i go insane
@wyldceltic1 i'm waiting til nov26 to get mine  stupid blackberry upgrade!!!	@wyldceltic1 i'm waiting til nov26 to get mine  stupid blackberry upgrade.
so my blackberry trackball housing popped out and broke apart. i reassembled but its barely working. this is killing me!	so my blackberry trackball housing popped out and broke apart. i reassembled but its barely working. this is killing me.
to all the gtd folks out there... i need a faster way for input on my blackberry? i'm finding it faster to jot on paper and re-transcribe	to all the gtd folks out there. i need a faster way for input on my blackberry. i'm finding it faster to jot on paper and re-transcribe
@brad_newman yikes... i did that with my iphone after only having it for a few weeks.   the blackberry is so much better anyway!	@brad_newman yikes. i did that with my iphone after only having it for a few weeks.   the blackberry is so much better anyway.
awww i wish i had a data plan for my blackberry	awww i wish i had a data plan for my blackberry
what da hell. my flash on my blackberry isn't flashing.	what da hell. my flash on my blackberry isn't flashing.
i dropped my brand new blackberry in the toilet!!!! i'm on my curve right now.	i dropped my brand new blackberry in the toilet. i'm on my curve right now.
@ahtootahluhr thanks mama! lights still out &amp; blackberry 1 is dead &amp; blackberry 2 is dying now i'm really sad  hope all is well with u!	@ahtootahluhr thanks mama. lights still out &amp; blackberry 1 is dead &amp; blackberry 2 is dying now i'm really sad  hope all is well with u.
my blackberry battery died!	my blackberry battery died.
is up.... too early.... god damn the blackberry alarm - its a saturdayyyyyyyy!!!	is up. too early. god damn the blackberry alarm - its a saturdayyyyyyyy.
blackberry is having issues. i should start using that new battery..!	blackberry is having issues. i should start using that new battery.
@phongdang new blackberry tour out in july...no wifi tho  thing looks sick	@phongdang new blackberry tour out in july.no wifi tho  thing looks sick
@pepsitron does you web browser on your blackberry take forever to load stuff or is mine just not working?	@pepsitron does you web browser on your blackberry take forever to load stuff or is mine just not working.
why doesn't my blackberry let me upload photos??	why doesn't my blackberry let me upload photos.
uber twitter on my blackberry is not working!	uber twitter on my blackberry is not working.
awake early. browsing through http://cnn.cn for blackberry parts (dropped mine the other day and damaged it). they don't have what i need	awake early. browsing through http://cnn.cn for blackberry parts (dropped mine the other day and damaged it). they don't have what i need
@arronap keeps makin my light on my blackberry flash!!! grrrrr. - don't know how to stop it	@arronap keeps makin my light on my blackberry flash. grrrrr. - don't know how to stop it
@babyjamazing oh no... def not good luck  i'll stick with my blackberrys haha. they seem to be pretty durable for me	@babyjamazing oh no. def not good luck  i'll stick with my blackberrys haha. they seem to be pretty durable for me
i'm waiting my blackberry [ maybe or not  ]	i'm waiting my blackberry [ maybe or not  ]
yesterdays prom was awesome dd even lost her blackberry  but i had fun even if my crush wasn't there still awesome	yesterdays prom was awesome dd even lost her blackberry  but i had fun even if my crush wasn't there still awesome
@twitterapi i'm not sure why but the twitter update for my blackberry isnt working properly. i'm not getting any updates what so ever.	@twitterapi i'm not sure why but the twitter update for my blackberry isnt working properly. i'm not getting any updates what so ever.
they have an app to make your icons look like the iphones icons. too bad its not for the newer blackberrys!	they have an app to make your icons look like the iphones icons. too bad its not for the newer blackberrys.
just started up this twitter account. not really sure how much i'll be able to use it. i don't have sms on my blackberry...	just started up this twitter account. not really sure how much i'll be able to use it. i don't have sms on my blackberry.
sitting in a hotel in cardiff playing on my	sitting in a hotel in cardiff playing on my
@francynecarr no not really my blackberry has broken and think ive lost everything on it	@francynecarr no not really my blackberry has broken and think ive lost everything on it
getting a new phone today. i'm gonna miss the blackberry	getting a new phone today. i'm gonna miss the blackberry
my phone has twitter capabilities but is not a blackberry  it is the lg envy 2 in a striking maroon color	my phone has twitter capabilities but is not a blackberry  it is the lg envy 2 in a striking maroon color
i hate my blackberry storm!	i hate my blackberry storm.
loves my new iphone yet misses my blackberry   they should make the ultimate mobile device that has apps	loves my new iphone yet misses my blackberry   they should make the ultimate mobile device that has apps
sitting here considering getting an iphone  i really really really love my blackberry....¤sigh¤ what to do....	sitting here considering getting an iphone  i really really really love my blackberry.¤sigh¤ what to do.
bam margera is a true skater! too bad viva la bam isn't on tonight  ! i always watch him! blackberry pearl! ohhh yeah! cya im off skating!	bam margera is a true skater. too bad viva la bam isn't on tonight  . i always watch him. blackberry pearl. ohhh yeah. cya im off skating.
i spilled ice cream on my blackberry!	i spilled ice cream on my blackberry.
is not a fan of having a broken blackberry  ugh	is not a fan of having a broken blackberry  ugh
@mmiller0702 just watched it from my blackberry.....i gotta say wow  i guess i didn't understand how bad it was till now	@mmiller0702 just watched it from my blackberry.i gotta say wow  i guess i didn't understand how bad it was till now
@phreshlyphaded noo no blackberry  i have htc touch pro	@phreshlyphaded noo no blackberry  i have htc touch pro
i cant find my blackberry or my sidekick. i am so upset	i cant find my blackberry or my sidekick. i am so upset
wishes she could get twitterberry to work on the blackberry.	wishes she could get twitterberry to work on the blackberry.
todaaay was funny. except the fact my blackberry is £110 overdue on its bill. i cant go to kent now!  love the people i met today !	todaaay was funny. except the fact my blackberry is £110 overdue on its bill. i cant go to kent now.  love the people i met today .
i want a blackberry!  lol	i want a blackberry.  lol
@dwgirl4life ur getting a blackberry??....i want a blackberry	@dwgirl4life ur getting a blackberry.i want a blackberry
@ckelpin  its only for blackberry!!	@ckelpin  its only for blackberry.
hating the fact that he really have to take his blackberry to the service center for changing the track ball	hating the fact that he really have to take his blackberry to the service center for changing the track ball
is sam adams able to make a fruit beer that isn't obnoxiously fruity?  cherry wheat + blackberry witbier = more fruit than beer	is sam adams able to make a fruit beer that isn't obnoxiously fruity.  cherry wheat + blackberry witbier = more fruit than beer
@n33734 ohhhh. i was trting to get mommy and daddy to buy me the blackberry and id give them 200$ but they said no	@n33734 ohhhh. i was trting to get mommy and daddy to buy me the blackberry and id give them 200$ but they said no
my phone is dead!!!  guess i'm getting that blackberry sooner than i thought...	my phone is dead.  guess i'm getting that blackberry sooner than i thought.
-lyiin ihn bed wiif the blackberry b0rd az fhuck_!wud sum1 plz make me un-b0rd pliz  x.x	-lyiin ihn bed wiif the blackberry b0rd az fhuck_.wud sum1 plz make me un-b0rd pliz  x.x
i wish my old blackberry would work..i miss it	i wish my old blackberry would work.i miss it
@surlesinge sorry to hear the blackberry didn't work out for you	@surlesinge sorry to hear the blackberry didn't work out for you
just had my blackberry 8900 submerged in a glass of bacardi by a psycho-friend(former-friend anyway). i hope it will survive.	just had my blackberry 8900 submerged in a glass of bacardi by a psycho-friend(former-friend anyway). i hope it will survive.
is jealous of paul's blackberry storm	is jealous of paul's blackberry storm
its time for a new blackberry battery.	its time for a new blackberry battery.
@badams5 got my new blackberry w/ old phone number... on a normal person account/plan    so if the bitchasses take my phone i'll have 1.	@badams5 got my new blackberry w/ old phone number. on a normal person account/plan    so if the bitchasses take my phone i'll have 1.
can't send mms messages from new iphone to blackberry pearl telus users	can't send mms messages from new iphone to blackberry pearl telus users
ok so now i know what it means to have a crackberry...im am experiencing withdrawls without my baby.... rip blackberry curve	ok so now i know what it means to have a crackberry.im am experiencing withdrawls without my baby. rip blackberry curve
tryi to send a twit pic of me and jeezy but my blackberry dyin.  hold on tweets let me try to send it b4 it dies cross ya fingaz	tryi to send a twit pic of me and jeezy but my blackberry dyin.  hold on tweets let me try to send it b4 it dies cross ya fingaz
sidekickin it right now... but damn i miss my blackberry...	sidekickin it right now. but damn i miss my blackberry.
i always wanted to have a blackberry phone	i always wanted to have a blackberry phone
my blackberry is on the fritz. i can't update from my phone.	my blackberry is on the fritz. i can't update from my phone.
@hello_jodie get it off craiglist thats where i got my blackberry bold! i miss it so much	@hello_jodie get it off craiglist thats where i got my blackberry bold. i miss it so much
is having a hard time keeping up with twitter.  darn i  miss my blackberry.	is having a hard time keeping up with twitter.  darn i  miss my blackberry.
i have a tummy ache  trying out this twitter app for my blackberry.	i have a tummy ache  trying out this twitter app for my blackberry.
i wish @haleyfriedman blackberry would get her. i wanna bbm	i wish @haleyfriedman blackberry would get her. i wanna bbm
lost my blackberry.	lost my blackberry.
@wjleonard shurrup about your bloody blackberry! some of us are still suffering with our shit phones y'know	@wjleonard shurrup about your bloody blackberry. some of us are still suffering with our shit phones y'know
today is not my day.   lost my blackberry and food poisoning!!	today is not my day.   lost my blackberry and food poisoning.
@bloggsy7 lol - unfortunately i cant take photos on my blackberry	@bloggsy7 lol - unfortunately i cant take photos on my blackberry
at the dairy studio taking time out to sync the blackberry and getting back to e-mails &amp; such…sorry if i've taken so long to get at you!	at the dairy studio taking time out to sync the blackberry and getting back to e-mails &amp; such…sorry if i've taken so long to get at you.
crap!  why is my email not going to my blackberry...again?  this is starting to get annoying	crap.  why is my email not going to my blackberry.again.  this is starting to get annoying
but a blackberry is out of my budget!	but a blackberry is out of my budget.
left blackberry at a friend's last night - feel naked and no instant access to email/twitter	left blackberry at a friend's last night - feel naked and no instant access to email/twitter
i want an iphoneee  stupid blackberry :@	i want an iphoneee  stupid blackberry :@
@danny_arnold i loved my blackberry pearl but she broke	@danny_arnold i loved my blackberry pearl but she broke
my blackberry is having a seizure. i hate to admit it	my blackberry is having a seizure. i hate to admit it
#addictedto my blackberry 8900	#addictedto my blackberry 8900
i want a blackberry bold  haha !	i want a blackberry bold  haha .
ubertwitter froze my blackberry.	ubertwitter froze my blackberry.
i really wish my work would allow me to use an iphone instead of a blackberry.  i'm itching to get a 3gs going...	i really wish my work would allow me to use an iphone instead of a blackberry.  i'm itching to get a 3gs going.
omg what happened i missed chris arrive because my internets fucked up i'm on my blackberry i'm cryin cuz i missed it	omg what happened i missed chris arrive because my internets fucked up i'm on my blackberry i'm cryin cuz i missed it
@beth_warren i know  i blame my blackberry. we'll put a better one up on kellyofficial.com!	@beth_warren i know  i blame my blackberry. we'll put a better one up on kellyofficial.com.
@alyssa_milano site isn't loading on my blackberry	@alyssa_milano site isn't loading on my blackberry
i officially need a new battery for my blackberry	i officially need a new battery for my blackberry
blackberry stolen!	blackberry stolen.
finally back online.  dropped my blackberry in my drink	finally back online.  dropped my blackberry in my drink
@blackberryfront i can't get ubertwitter to download. it says 907 cod error... help me i'm blonde	@blackberryfront i can't get ubertwitter to download. it says 907 cod error. help me i'm blonde
dad was all psyched that i was going to give him my like-new blackberry curve 8310 til' he found out stupid verizon doesn't support it!	dad was all psyched that i was going to give him my like-new blackberry curve 8310 til' he found out stupid verizon doesn't support it.
waiting for my new blackberry to come because i smashed the old one  i miss bbm-ing!	waiting for my new blackberry to come because i smashed the old one  i miss bbm-ing.
god i miss twitter on nights...i need my blackberry back	god i miss twitter on nights.i need my blackberry back
@palm_scout unfort sprint will not match my current phone &amp; data plan-its looks like i'm stuck with the blackberry pearl. so no palm pre	@palm_scout unfort sprint will not match my current phone &amp; data plan-its looks like i'm stuck with the blackberry pearl. so no palm pre
@palm unfortunately sprint will not match my current phone &amp; data plan- it looks like i'm stuck with the blackberry pearl. so no palm pre	@palm unfortunately sprint will not match my current phone &amp; data plan- it looks like i'm stuck with the blackberry pearl. so no palm pre
the blackberryy's still on the fritts  it turns on but the buttons dont work...	the blackberryy's still on the fritts  it turns on but the buttons dont work.
does anyone have an extra at&amp;t cell phone??  blackberry finally died and not eligible for an upgrade yet	does anyone have an extra at&amp;t cell phone.  blackberry finally died and not eligible for an upgrade yet
had to wipe my device due a conflict with twitter berry and the blackberry storm  thank you back up	had to wipe my device due a conflict with twitter berry and the blackberry storm  thank you back up
shit i think i broke my blackberry !!!!  x	shit i think i broke my blackberry .  x
i could get a blackberry bold from amazon for only $50 with contract extension	i could get a blackberry bold from amazon for only $50 with contract extension
i'm finally on!!!  i still have no idea how to do this from my blackberry storm though   anyone?	i'm finally on.  i still have no idea how to do this from my blackberry storm though   anyone.
blackberry update ate my contact list  if i'm supposed to have your #	blackberry update ate my contact list  if i'm supposed to have your #
@blackberrytwit so do i	@blackberrytwit so do i
i want the iphone.  sorry blackberry.	i want the iphone.  sorry blackberry.
lost my iphone. i'm pretty sure someone stole it so now i'm back to the blackberry	lost my iphone. i'm pretty sure someone stole it so now i'm back to the blackberry
i hate being sick.. not going to pride  too sick. playing with my blackberry the app world isnt working off ad me to bbm 2063c014 yee yee	i hate being sick. not going to pride  too sick. playing with my blackberry the app world isnt working off ad me to bbm 2063c014 yee yee
@bpoppins the blackberry i have is the 1st blkbry dat came out &amp; only reason y i have it is cuz my other cell broke so im stuck wit dis 1	@bpoppins the blackberry i have is the 1st blkbry dat came out &amp; only reason y i have it is cuz my other cell broke so im stuck wit dis 1
no blackberry and limited computer access makes me sad.	no blackberry and limited computer access makes me sad.
i think @priyankachopra is an apple iphone &quot;user&quot; but all tweets are coming from a blackberry .. 50% its a fake account  #apple	i think @priyankachopra is an apple iphone &quot;user&quot; but all tweets are coming from a blackberry . 50% its a fake account  #apple
still w8ing 4 my blackberry another 2wks 2 try fix a common problem or if they cant i get a new 1	still w8ing 4 my blackberry another 2wks 2 try fix a common problem or if they cant i get a new 1
is sad because my husband won't let me download the sims 3 or the sims 2 on my new blackberry.	is sad because my husband won't let me download the sims 3 or the sims 2 on my new blackberry.
blackberry pleaseeeee come stay with meeee	blackberry pleaseeeee come stay with meeee
@magicalfrogs  are you going back to the loaner blackberry thing you had before?	@magicalfrogs  are you going back to the loaner blackberry thing you had before.
i love ginny's phone. it makes me want my blackberry rait nao	i love ginny's phone. it makes me want my blackberry rait nao
@taylorquinn  i really wish i had my blackberry.. will i see you on sunday??	@taylorquinn  i really wish i had my blackberry. will i see you on sunday.
iphone &gt; blackberry	iphone &gt; blackberry
i wish i had a blackberry	i wish i had a blackberry
i misss it  stupid tweetgenius slowss down my blackberry -_-	i misss it  stupid tweetgenius slowss down my blackberry -_-
@tatr15 aw you got the blackberry? lucky	@tatr15 aw you got the blackberry. lucky
i need credit for my blackberry	i need credit for my blackberry
cant decide if i want to hold on this phone or get a blackberry. both are going to have their cons	cant decide if i want to hold on this phone or get a blackberry. both are going to have their cons
i want a blackberry curve 8900	i want a blackberry curve 8900
my blackberry isn't still here...  i want it so bad!!!	my blackberry isn't still here.  i want it so bad.
i chke wid airtel blackberry support...they donot suprt ny xtrl apps inding 4 twitter	i chke wid airtel blackberry support.they donot suprt ny xtrl apps inding 4 twitter
goodbye blackberry!!	goodbye blackberry.
tinytwitter did fail me on blackberry today. kept throwing logon errors and unable to tweet  need to check software	tinytwitter did fail me on blackberry today. kept throwing logon errors and unable to tweet  need to check software
@fcandle i used to have	@fcandle i used to have
@juiceprincesss i went to download it on my phone and it says it's only for blackberrys  x	@juiceprincesss i went to download it on my phone and it says it's only for blackberrys  x
and the blackberry goes off  london &amp; paris here i come!	and the blackberry goes off  london &amp; paris here i come.
getting &quot;on&quot; twitter..... but need new blackberry to use well	getting &quot;on&quot; twitter. but need new blackberry to use well
wishes hoes werent invited to our damn family vacation!!!...uhhh...i need a blackberry...	wishes hoes werent invited to our damn family vacation.uhhh.i need a blackberry.
screen on my blackberry broke  good thing i know how to replace them!	screen on my blackberry broke  good thing i know how to replace them.
having another day from hell with by blackberry storm	having another day from hell with by blackberry storm
ahhhh i keep dropping my damn blackberry!!!	ahhhh i keep dropping my damn blackberry.
i want an iphone...booo to the blackberry..my one keeps fucking up every 5 minutes hmph!	i want an iphone.booo to the blackberry.my one keeps fucking up every 5 minutes hmph.
i want a iphone or blackberry!! and a new ipod	i want a iphone or blackberry. and a new ipod
got to give my blackberry back next week	got to give my blackberry back next week
boo for blackberry having extra characters for texts.	boo for blackberry having extra characters for texts.
can't hardly wait for the blackberry tour. wish i had it now	can't hardly wait for the blackberry tour. wish i had it now
@starmari wtf is twitterberry? i just got a blackberry. i really don't like it! im not a huge fan!	@starmari wtf is twitterberry. i just got a blackberry. i really don't like it. im not a huge fan.
i'm so hopeless. my only priority now is the blackberry bold!	i'm so hopeless. my only priority now is the blackberry bold.
internet connection broke down.  now i have to use my blackberry to surf the net and chat. how pathetic!!! fuck this!!	internet connection broke down.  now i have to use my blackberry to surf the net and chat. how pathetic. fuck this.
at serranos with me bffe and my blackberry must be broken bc i'm not getting any of my msgs	at serranos with me bffe and my blackberry must be broken bc i'm not getting any of my msgs
wants go get twitter on her blackberry but doesn't know how!  x.	wants go get twitter on her blackberry but doesn't know how.  x.
my blackberrys on the fritz....	my blackberrys on the fritz.
blackberry bold and kingston 8gb microsd card en route	blackberry bold and kingston 8gb microsd card en route
just installed twitterberry on my blackberry bold	just installed twitterberry on my blackberry bold
now we just need to get yvonne a blackberry and a twitter account	now we just need to get yvonne a blackberry and a twitter account
@blackberryman sounds like you have a story to share about your blackberry too? please do!	@blackberryman sounds like you have a story to share about your blackberry too. please do.
i put my blackberry on 2g and its working perfectly	i put my blackberry on 2g and its working perfectly
in the uk? got a blackberry? 2mths free spinvox voicemail right here!  http://spinvox.com/bb	in the uk. got a blackberry. 2mths free spinvox voicemail right here.  http://spinvox.com/bb
about to lay in bed searching on the new blackberry	about to lay in bed searching on the new blackberry
@uxsoup not sure.. but you do gotta counter the blackberry offering... iphone would make sense  *back to work*	@uxsoup not sure. but you do gotta counter the blackberry offering. iphone would make sense  *back to work*
morning !   should have by blackberry by the end of today wahoooooo	morning .   should have by blackberry by the end of today wahoooooo
i just had to google &quot;how to insert microsd into blackberry bold&quot; found it though!	i just had to google &quot;how to insert microsd into blackberry bold&quot; found it though.
blackberry pearl alive and kicking	blackberry pearl alive and kicking
just made �28.80 for the wwf by sending my old blackberry and samsung phones to simplydrop.co.uk	just made �28.80 for the wwf by sending my old blackberry and samsung phones to simplydrop.co.uk
@elakuz by the way...did you get your blackberry?	@elakuz by the way.did you get your blackberry.
@tsarnick yes sneaking on the blackberry...	@tsarnick yes sneaking on the blackberry.
i think i want a blackberry type phone  pronto	i think i want a blackberry type phone  pronto
my daddy got the blackberry curve... not fair!!!  and i thought my lg dare was pretty cool... hahaha i luuuuuuuuuuv you daddy!	my daddy got the blackberry curve. not fair.  and i thought my lg dare was pretty cool. hahaha i luuuuuuuuuuv you daddy.
@mlwd648 you need a blackberry girl!!  so addicting.  i use twitterberry and my dh calls it the crackberry. ha ha.	@mlwd648 you need a blackberry girl.  so addicting.  i use twitterberry and my dh calls it the crackberry. ha ha.
so i have a blackberry just tempting me on my desk and my old shitty razr that i can't even look at anymore (it's ugly to me)	so i have a blackberry just tempting me on my desk and my old shitty razr that i can't even look at anymore (it's ugly to me)
spam! @isabellagpqpopq - i don't believe you will really give me a blackberry storm	spam. @isabellagpqpopq - i don't believe you will really give me a blackberry storm
on my blackberry	on my blackberry
@anderssonmimmi you should buy a blackberry bold  i would if i were you.	@anderssonmimmi you should buy a blackberry bold  i would if i were you.
@jumpnegative i get crappicino makers...where's the blackberrys	@jumpnegative i get crappicino makers.where's the blackberrys
just got my new blackberry phoneee.	just got my new blackberry phoneee.
@laryissa ohyes. fml app on my blackberry for viewing at any time.	@laryissa ohyes. fml app on my blackberry for viewing at any time.
still trying to figure out this twitter thing. wish i had a blackberry. going to start the hookah!	still trying to figure out this twitter thing. wish i had a blackberry. going to start the hookah.
@ruthy23 yumm. i love meringues we've got blackberry &amp; apple crumble.	@ruthy23 yumm. i love meringues we've got blackberry &amp; apple crumble.
@ im sure it does  heres another; how fast czn you @reply on a blackberry? mine is slow lol!	@ im sure it does  heres another; how fast czn you @reply on a blackberry. mine is slow lol.
ok i admit it pandora for	ok i admit it pandora for
@blackberrychick @ecosaveology thanks for the ff  &lt;followback	@blackberrychick @ecosaveology thanks for the ff  &lt;followback
@rell33 i see the blackberry got you hooked..the blacker the berry...the sweeter the text!	@rell33 i see the blackberry got you hooked.the blacker the berry.the sweeter the text.
@gwopgettasent it's the twitter program for ya blackberry	@gwopgettasent it's the twitter program for ya blackberry
does anyone have a relatively recent model blackberry which they might loan/sell to me?  not a storm  needs to have a keypad  dm?	does anyone have a relatively recent model blackberry which they might loan/sell to me.  not a storm  needs to have a keypad  dm.
@mrstephens85 yea blackberrys are the best	@mrstephens85 yea blackberrys are the best
excited to be getting the blackberry pearl phone	excited to be getting the blackberry pearl phone
is wondering if i'll get my blackberry working with emails today???!!  i had no luck yesterday!	is wondering if i'll get my blackberry working with emails today.  i had no luck yesterday.
btw; i need a blackberry  gonna watch it for soon.	btw; i need a blackberry  gonna watch it for soon.
trying out tweetdeck! its pretty sweet @lewwbreezy i might be getting a blackberry!	trying out tweetdeck. its pretty sweet @lewwbreezy i might be getting a blackberry.
@sinfulsignorita the magic all happens on my blackberry!	@sinfulsignorita the magic all happens on my blackberry.
lol! well i am responding via my blackberry phone so let me know if you get this message	lol. well i am responding via my blackberry phone so let me know if you get this message
can't wait for my new blackberry to arrive	can't wait for my new blackberry to arrive
@ladycruella  blackberry is certainly the way to go	@ladycruella  blackberry is certainly the way to go
@lancearmstrong you're more adict than me with the iphone on my bike ) - suggesting trek to build madone with blackberry?	@lancearmstrong you're more adict than me with the iphone on my bike ) - suggesting trek to build madone with blackberry.
@_dina will be good to have you as a #blackberry user #followfriday	@_dina will be good to have you as a #blackberry user #followfriday
@kekonagirl  that counts okay. so does my blackberry  ha!	@kekonagirl  that counts okay. so does my blackberry  ha.
@marielmendoza  its just the way to go now a days  plus blackberry messenger is fun and twitter on a blackberry is better interface	@marielmendoza  its just the way to go now a days  plus blackberry messenger is fun and twitter on a blackberry is better interface
right back to filling his blackberry with useless junk!	right back to filling his blackberry with useless junk.
what a lovely morning in forks! off to search for my blackberry and maybe jacob	what a lovely morning in forks. off to search for my blackberry and maybe jacob
@yashved_2890 yes there is. i am not going to get it though. i dont have the money and would rather have a blackberry	@yashved_2890 yes there is. i am not going to get it though. i dont have the money and would rather have a blackberry
glad my blackberry is finally working! thank you jesus	glad my blackberry is finally working. thank you jesus
@theengteacher ah yes it will ;) and welcome to the world of #blackberry and @socialscope  good night.... zzzzz	@theengteacher ah yes it will ;) and welcome to the world of #blackberry and @socialscope  good night. zzzzz
my first tweet from my blackberry	my first tweet from my blackberry
@starss_182 how's iphone going? i guarantee you'll b on it for hours. i can't put my new toy down....my blackberry that is!!  x	@starss_182 how's iphone going. i guarantee you'll b on it for hours. i can't put my new toy down.my blackberry that is.  x
@catrinamarie yes i know but i'm getting a job so i might get one but for now i'm satisfied with my blackberry flip	@catrinamarie yes i know but i'm getting a job so i might get one but for now i'm satisfied with my blackberry flip
@maximel thanks. how do you twitpic with a blackberry	@maximel thanks. how do you twitpic with a blackberry
just got a blackberry! i am so excited	just got a blackberry. i am so excited
reply @djnuclear yeah i take naps-i don't sleep much! lol-cool ill ck it out. -i was setting this on my blackberry 2	reply @djnuclear yeah i take naps-i don't sleep much. lol-cool ill ck it out. -i was setting this on my blackberry 2
@matrixy your welcome  i was just talking about how i wished i could watch videos on my blackberry	@matrixy your welcome  i was just talking about how i wished i could watch videos on my blackberry
@jcrizzle haha that's because she taked photos with her blackberry and directly uploads them to twitpic!	@jcrizzle haha that's because she taked photos with her blackberry and directly uploads them to twitpic.
@insearchofnkotb yay!  i will be glued to my blackberry.  ya'll have my number too!	@insearchofnkotb yay.  i will be glued to my blackberry.  ya'll have my number too.
@mzjay08 i think my blackberry is my first love!!	@mzjay08 i think my blackberry is my first love.
@tgoodrich860: try twittering from your wife's new blackberry bold using either ubertwitter or twitterberry app	@tgoodrich860: try twittering from your wife's new blackberry bold using either ubertwitter or twitterberry app
@marktotheadam whew glad you found it! i love my blackberry	@marktotheadam whew glad you found it. i love my blackberry
on my blackberry shit again.	on my blackberry shit again.
@youngacelx ii love my blackberry..lol..iits my life	@youngacelx ii love my blackberry.lol.iits my life
i'm writing from my blackberry now.	i'm writing from my blackberry now.
@lucykd dsi is the latest nintendo ds with 2 cameras + stuff built in. we are a gadget house. luckily i get my blackberrys free from work	@lucykd dsi is the latest nintendo ds with 2 cameras + stuff built in. we are a gadget house. luckily i get my blackberrys free from work
@dr_ill i &lt;3 my blackberry	@dr_ill i &lt;3 my blackberry
@vixster25 internet 1 drawing 0 ....damn i'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done	@vixster25 internet 1 drawing 0 .damn i'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done
@staceysjustfab blackberry messenger rocks! its basically im-ing with other bb users that u add	@staceysjustfab blackberry messenger rocks. its basically im-ing with other bb users that u add
and here goes my first twitter from #twitterberry application from my #blackberry bold 9000..  cheers	and here goes my first twitter from #twitterberry application from my #blackberry bold 9000.  cheers
my blackberry ran out of juice in the middle of the day...it was miserable! no twitter or email at my beck and call	my blackberry ran out of juice in the middle of the day.it was miserable. no twitter or email at my beck and call
dad just gave me his old blackberry. not that old... but it doesn't even have a scroll ball. i want that bold.	dad just gave me his old blackberry. not that old. but it doesn't even have a scroll ball. i want that bold.
@evanhindra dump this blackberry and uses an iphone? basically it compliment each other.  i think.	@evanhindra dump this blackberry and uses an iphone. basically it compliment each other.  i think.
watching snl with my ucsd girls and laughing about twitter/blackberry jokes  thought i'd tweet that.	watching snl with my ucsd girls and laughing about twitter/blackberry jokes  thought i'd tweet that.
lovin' my new blackberry	lovin' my new blackberry
http://bit.ly/qipuu  jon 4 lakers video blackberry	http://bit.ly/qipuu  jon 4 lakers video blackberry
is looking at a blackberry curve 8900	is looking at a blackberry curve 8900
@renato71 blackberry	@renato71 blackberry
@johannajebediah i hope you can see this from your blackberry	@johannajebediah i hope you can see this from your blackberry
lovin my new blackberry	lovin my new blackberry
blackberry..... really soon	blackberry. really soon
@paulmountcastle nope. #�bertwitter for #blackberry is great! it #rocks!  http://myloc.me/qrs	@paulmountcastle nope. #�bertwitter for #blackberry is great. it #rocks.  http://myloc.me/qrs
i just sign on to twitter! looking forward to learning more and making friends on twitter. i using the blackberry storm wish me luck.	i just sign on to twitter. looking forward to learning more and making friends on twitter. i using the blackberry storm wish me luck.
@cheerioo i cannot wait until i get my blackberry!!!  my phone sucks ass	@cheerioo i cannot wait until i get my blackberry.  my phone sucks ass
getting my new blackberry next week... yay finally!	getting my new blackberry next week. yay finally.
ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/zl5k	ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/zl5k
thinking someone needs to get him a blackberry. for once i am for celebrity power haggles.. go mr.h go!	thinking someone needs to get him a blackberry. for once i am for celebrity power haggles. go mr.h go.
hi mr blackberry1	hi mr blackberry1
sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/zqcg ad:	sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/zqcg ad:
@scott_herman just helped my friend - same problem. go to ebay - buy it now section - batteries $5 for your blackberry 8830. good luck!	@scott_herman just helped my friend - same problem. go to ebay - buy it now section - batteries $5 for your blackberry 8830. good luck.
@bertorosales blackberry??? missed???? what the heck	@bertorosales blackberry. missed. what the heck
@myblackberry yep	@myblackberry yep
sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/acz2 ad:	sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/acz2 ad:
wooooo blackberry	wooooo blackberry
has a blackberry now and just needs to get internet on his plan	has a blackberry now and just needs to get internet on his plan
using #blackberry messenger process to dodge certain things http://bit.ly/dr99m &lt; only in america  (first i've read anyway!)	using #blackberry messenger process to dodge certain things http://bit.ly/dr99m &lt; only in america  (first i've read anyway.)
@saralhvalo i'm on my blackberry so can't. however i still fail to see the funny or magnificent side to it haha	@saralhvalo i'm on my blackberry so can't. however i still fail to see the funny or magnificent side to it haha
@nicolerichie dont u have an old phone to use today? and tomorrow u will buy a new blackberry!	@nicolerichie dont u have an old phone to use today. and tomorrow u will buy a new blackberry.
is completely in love with his blackberry. he hopes that you know this now.  [http://ping.fm/ealvr]	is completely in love with his blackberry. he hopes that you know this now.  [http://ping.fm/ealvr]
oh yeah is it me or has anyone experienced a faulty battery on their new cellphone? i loveeee my blackberry but omfg new battery needed	oh yeah is it me or has anyone experienced a faulty battery on their new cellphone. i loveeee my blackberry but omfg new battery needed
@jeannebehr i'm on my blackberry so can't listen to the link but if it's shattered dreams ur right!	@jeannebehr i'm on my blackberry so can't listen to the link but if it's shattered dreams ur right.
@leighrowan because your positive energy is so contagious. most of my follows don't come to my	@leighrowan because your positive energy is so contagious. most of my follows don't come to my
be back in 2 hrs..... going to buy a blackberry... lol...  x	be back in 2 hrs. going to buy a blackberry. lol.  x
@inelsie phone too blackberryyyy sex much. i'm glad the internet works now! you're gonna love being able to tweet whenever you want ha!	@inelsie phone too blackberryyyy sex much. i'm glad the internet works now. you're gonna love being able to tweet whenever you want ha.
my first tweet via blackberry curve!	my first tweet via blackberry curve.
@alex_mccoy aha obviously  and you best take me blackberry picking too with claudia. i always thought it was an american thing? ah well	@alex_mccoy aha obviously  and you best take me blackberry picking too with claudia. i always thought it was an american thing. ah well
@robintaylorroth thank god for the blackberry then	@robintaylorroth thank god for the blackberry then
can i twitpic on a blackberry? anyone please answer my question.	can i twitpic on a blackberry. anyone please answer my question.
blackberry storm out! hello curve! my new best friend! this phone rocks so far!!!!!  http://myloc.me/15ha	blackberry storm out. hello curve. my new best friend. this phone rocks so far.  http://myloc.me/15ha
@motley1981 take your finger off the &quot;z&quot; button of your blackberry!!	@motley1981 take your finger off the &quot;z&quot; button of your blackberry.
stupid f**king space button tweaking out on me. going to have to call verizon again and get yet another free blackberry.  i'm spoiled!!	stupid f**king space button tweaking out on me. going to have to call verizon again and get yet another free blackberry.  i'm spoiled.
@kenlotich should've changed the blackberry and touch to an iphone...	@kenlotich should've changed the blackberry and touch to an iphone.
@thedavidblaise welcome to the blackberry world	@thedavidblaise welcome to the blackberry world
@zoernert cheers.iphone usage via roaming will be too expensive for twittering @iod2009 so it will be macbook and blackberry via wifi!	@zoernert cheers.iphone usage via roaming will be too expensive for twittering @iod2009 so it will be macbook and blackberry via wifi.
@dragonsinger57 i think you need to talk @ghozali about blackberry devices in nz	@dragonsinger57 i think you need to talk @ghozali about blackberry devices in nz
home dinosaurs blackberry and say a command.  something about dinos still. what not. hello hello.	home dinosaurs blackberry and say a command.  something about dinos still. what not. hello hello.
@lucykd get a blackberry with qwerty keyboard next time... we even do apps for the medical profession	@lucykd get a blackberry with qwerty keyboard next time. we even do apps for the medical profession
@phineazzphat my bad sweetie  i had some sillyness going on with my blackberry so i couldn't reply	@phineazzphat my bad sweetie  i had some sillyness going on with my blackberry so i couldn't reply
tryn to get at&amp;t to swap out my blackberry for a dif phone. i hate that peice of crap. and watchin repo	tryn to get at&amp;t to swap out my blackberry for a dif phone. i hate that peice of crap. and watchin repo
downloading some apps for my blackberry	downloading some apps for my blackberry
got my blackberry back. phrase of the day: it's a jungle out there  and we mean it.	got my blackberry back. phrase of the day: it's a jungle out there  and we mean it.
will sleep now. will dream about that blackberry. and will pray that i get a good mark for organic chem tomorrow.	will sleep now. will dream about that blackberry. and will pray that i get a good mark for organic chem tomorrow.
im supposed to be saving for europe. so what am i doing tonight? oh right- buying a new blackberry. stupid impulse buys!	im supposed to be saving for europe. so what am i doing tonight. oh right- buying a new blackberry. stupid impulse buys.
@starmari i have a blackberry	@starmari i have a blackberry
@jjluver756 haha! yeah. lol. its catchy haha.  i am the next blackberry in line. new product joshberry. haha. lets freaking chat!	@jjluver756 haha. yeah. lol. its catchy haha.  i am the next blackberry in line. new product joshberry. haha. lets freaking chat.
@geetee808 im blackberry fresh for communication actions	@geetee808 im blackberry fresh for communication actions
just found out how to update to twitter using my blackberry. oh damn! i can update all the time now	just found out how to update to twitter using my blackberry. oh damn. i can update all the time now
refreshed and playing with my blackberry i love it	refreshed and playing with my blackberry i love it
tomorow big family celebratoin .. and all because me! xd &lt;3 i love it  .. hope i get a blackberry curve 8310	tomorow big family celebratoin . and all because me. xd &lt;3 i love it  . hope i get a blackberry curve 8310
#zomg i went to the docomo shop to sign up to get the #blackberry bold	#zomg i went to the docomo shop to sign up to get the #blackberry bold
someone teach me!!! how do i use twitter from my blackberry i want to do &quot;twitterberry&quot; but don't know how! help  xx	someone teach me. how do i use twitter from my blackberry i want to do &quot;twitterberry&quot; but don't know how. help  xx
@noelclarke blackberry all the way	@noelclarke blackberry all the way
http://twitpic.com/5oocz - blackberry cameras such...but have you ever seen such an eruption of handsomeness?? and i'm there too!	http://twitpic.com/5oocz - blackberry cameras such.but have you ever seen such an eruption of handsomeness. and i'm there too.
@piewacket1 guess who has a blackberry?  my number is 07960011705	@piewacket1 guess who has a blackberry.  my number is 07960011705
about to leave for my chem final! just figured out how to twitter from my blackberry	about to leave for my chem final. just figured out how to twitter from my blackberry
@thisisumair i'm jealous off: ur	@thisisumair i'm jealous off: ur
@happyraylene she can't read korean cuz she's on blackberry now	@happyraylene she can't read korean cuz she's on blackberry now
work grind... 2 fingers 2 the sky &amp; i aint saying peace! outasight is blasted on the ipod. trying not to toss my blackberry @ anyone  lol	work grind. 2 fingers 2 the sky &amp; i aint saying peace. outasight is blasted on the ipod. trying not to toss my blackberry @ anyone  lol
@pinkberrygirl thanks for the #followfriday shout #blackberry	@pinkberrygirl thanks for the #followfriday shout #blackberry
playin with my new blackberry and getting ready to watch failure to launch!	playin with my new blackberry and getting ready to watch failure to launch.
apparently i can call anyone from the facebook blackberry app who has their number on facebook...  this could be fun	apparently i can call anyone from the facebook blackberry app who has their number on facebook.  this could be fun
@blackberrytheme absolutely - what is a summer blockbuster flick without a blackberry theme to go along with it?	@blackberrytheme absolutely - what is a summer blockbuster flick without a blackberry theme to go along with it.
@rif_ariadhi blackberry!!!!!!	@rif_ariadhi blackberry.
i'm just thinking out loud -- what is with so many people having blackberry's? not that i have anything against it. just wondering.	i'm just thinking out loud -- what is with so many people having blackberry's. not that i have anything against it. just wondering.
@dc5_1104 nice  i say hello too. i was unable to reply via the	@dc5_1104 nice  i say hello too. i was unable to reply via the
orange razzberry and blackberry sherbert	orange razzberry and blackberry sherbert
ooh! i wants a blackberry!! can i? can i? can i?	ooh. i wants a blackberry. can i. can i. can i.
@jessicaatran @neversaynicole hahaha!! that's hilarious  yeah i have a	@jessicaatran @neversaynicole hahaha. that's hilarious  yeah i have a
will head to suntec atrium tonight for the blackberry event. cheaper accessories and good deals from m1	will head to suntec atrium tonight for the blackberry event. cheaper accessories and good deals from m1
loves twitter - wants a blackberry to twitter all the time	loves twitter - wants a blackberry to twitter all the time
trying a hard-case for blackberry. hm..this is nice.	trying a hard-case for blackberry. hm.this is nice.
watchin rachael ray on wheels...good stuff! coffeetime  i should get my new blackberry today yessssssssssss	watchin rachael ray on wheels.good stuff. coffeetime  i should get my new blackberry today yessssssssssss
i feel surprisingly accomplished today  i can't wait to get my blackberry today!!!!! twitterberry will probably be one of my first tasks!!	i feel surprisingly accomplished today  i can't wait to get my blackberry today. twitterberry will probably be one of my first tasks.
bought a blackberry curve 8310	bought a blackberry curve 8310
my blackberry is back in business!!!  it feels weird having to push buttons again	my blackberry is back in business.  it feels weird having to push buttons again
loves her new blackberry.  4193502791	loves her new blackberry.  4193502791
yay for being back in the states and being able to use my blackberry again	yay for being back in the states and being able to use my blackberry again
thank you for the blackberry help @casualrepartee	thank you for the blackberry help @casualrepartee
@dtmcgraw hmm... and your next switch? blackberry --&gt; iphone.  just sayin'. right	@dtmcgraw hmm. and your next switch. blackberry --&gt; iphone.  just sayin'. right
i'm selling a 2 month old sprint blackberry curve. who's gonna get it? i've got two batteries	i'm selling a 2 month old sprint blackberry curve. who's gonna get it. i've got two batteries
@thehillers that's it! i've got several versions of the mummers dance on my	@thehillers that's it. i've got several versions of the mummers dance on my
i am in love with my new blackberry!	i am in love with my new blackberry.
@supricky06 i have a blackberry	@supricky06 i have a blackberry
just got the blackberry today  i love it	just got the blackberry today  i love it
@ritalucero haha! blackberry messages is the first thing i thought of	@ritalucero haha. blackberry messages is the first thing i thought of
sitting at st. ann's trying to figure out how to use the blackberry storm.	sitting at st. ann's trying to figure out how to use the blackberry storm.
t-moblie f*cking stinkssss goddamnit always trouble but ..... i want a blackberry curveee	t-moblie f*cking stinkssss goddamnit always trouble but . i want a blackberry curveee
@fn_cager nice bold. i didn't know you owned a blackberry. rest assured	@fn_cager nice bold. i didn't know you owned a blackberry. rest assured
i'm really missing my blackberry  lol car needs fixing	i'm really missing my blackberry  lol car needs fixing
who has a blackberry	who has a blackberry
just tweeting from my friends blackberry...i need one!	just tweeting from my friends blackberry.i need one.
buttt i am very excited because my new blackberry should be here tomorrow! i hope it comes before i go to work...  work from 12-8:30	buttt i am very excited because my new blackberry should be here tomorrow. i hope it comes before i go to work.  work from 12-8:30
@eaderigt i've got a #blackberry	@eaderigt i've got a #blackberry
yay - just got to delete over 100 emails from my	yay - just got to delete over 100 emails from my
just downloaded ubertwitter on my blackberry	just downloaded ubertwitter on my blackberry
btw: i have the blackberry 7290	btw: i have the blackberry 7290
@nmiko seen many people cluthing blackberry bolds around holland v	@nmiko seen many people cluthing blackberry bolds around holland v
is enjoying twitter on his blackberry	is enjoying twitter on his blackberry
aaaaahhhhhh i just got my blackberry in the mail today!!! i'm just now waiting for the battery to be full! can't wait to start with it.	aaaaahhhhhh i just got my blackberry in the mail today. i'm just now waiting for the battery to be full. can't wait to start with it.
very nice weather today! goodbye blackberry storm	very nice weather today. goodbye blackberry storm
my blackberry came in the mail today	my blackberry came in the mail today
@jefflail neither....blackberry	@jefflail neither.blackberry
@buttahfinger blackberry's cool!	@buttahfinger blackberry's cool.
@rawrrgasmic hi! am tweeting in the sun! good ol blackberry	@rawrrgasmic hi. am tweeting in the sun. good ol blackberry
@pastorjoelle if you have a	@pastorjoelle if you have a
playing with my new blackberry while justin is driving to pa...	playing with my new blackberry while justin is driving to pa.
ahh man too many bbq smells wafting thru bakdoor urging me not to revise but i must...get above a d = blackberry  ...easy enuf? not!	ahh man too many bbq smells wafting thru bakdoor urging me not to revise but i must.get above a d = blackberry  .easy enuf. not.
@papewu that's what annoyed me about the iphone too! the	@papewu that's what annoyed me about the iphone too. the
sii funciooona!! definitivamente amor mi blackberry more than everything!! excepto mi mami	sii funciooona. definitivamente amor mi blackberry more than everything. excepto mi mami
@whitneyeve hey whitney! i met you at saks during winter break and you signed my blackberry  i can't wait till the city comes on! xoxo	@whitneyeve hey whitney. i met you at saks during winter break and you signed my blackberry  i can't wait till the city comes on. xoxo
just helped a friend get a blackberry. lots of questions coming...	just helped a friend get a blackberry. lots of questions coming.
at the local farmers market! going to buy some blackberrys!!!	at the local farmers market. going to buy some blackberrys.
download the i love blackberry app from crackberry.com it tells u how lond and how much u use ur bb very scary stuff i tell ya	download the i love blackberry app from crackberry.com it tells u how lond and how much u use ur bb very scary stuff i tell ya
the blackberry bliss at jamba is pretty good!	the blackberry bliss at jamba is pretty good.
blackberry's back!  tay's baby shower	blackberry's back.  tay's baby shower
@therealluis blackberrys are osm! i have one  luv it.	@therealluis blackberrys are osm. i have one  luv it.
finally got my blackberry 2 stop freezing! (knock on wood) it is so aggravating when it does that...headed out to get dessert w/ my mom	finally got my blackberry 2 stop freezing. (knock on wood) it is so aggravating when it does that.headed out to get dessert w/ my mom
@howardsis yeah i don't know why we kept getting disconnected but i'm inclined to think it's your blackberry &amp; not my iphone  love ya!	@howardsis yeah i don't know why we kept getting disconnected but i'm inclined to think it's your blackberry &amp; not my iphone  love ya.
frozeen yogurth of blackberry &amp; strawberry!? soo delicioous!	frozeen yogurth of blackberry &amp; strawberry. soo delicioous.
@donniescupcake  yeah i always tweet and drive  hahah i just got the blackberry like 3weeks ago love it its my life hahaa	@donniescupcake  yeah i always tweet and drive  hahah i just got the blackberry like 3weeks ago love it its my life hahaa
just won my first blackberry on ebay	just won my first blackberry on ebay
i want a blackberry...	i want a blackberry.
can tweet from blackberry but not laptop. universe must be trying to tell me sumethin... like unplug? see you cool beans manana!	can tweet from blackberry but not laptop. universe must be trying to tell me sumethin. like unplug. see you cool beans manana.
got twitter on my blackberry. hopefully i can use this for some good!	got twitter on my blackberry. hopefully i can use this for some good.
@jdwright25 almost correct. either blackberry or my trips to other countries	@jdwright25 almost correct. either blackberry or my trips to other countries
gues pray i gt my blackberry 8900 curve..........within a week or so ...........plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..................	gues pray i gt my blackberry 8900 curve.within a week or so .plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
@nana_mex i am sure we could get a customised font onto a blackberry for you! we have fabulous developers for the blackberry on twitter	@nana_mex i am sure we could get a customised font onto a blackberry for you. we have fabulous developers for the blackberry on twitter
@ashleyltmsyf http://twitpic.com/5e0qw - blackberry on the floor haha  x	@ashleyltmsyf http://twitpic.com/5e0qw - blackberry on the floor haha  x
@goffik my ubertwitter is great  (maybe just for blackberry though)	@goffik my ubertwitter is great  (maybe just for blackberry though)
ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/kxee	ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/kxee
@denicewim  yay when i get my blackberry back ill bbm you lol	@denicewim  yay when i get my blackberry back ill bbm you lol
@timmygrunt now....i cant follow from the blackberry it says forbidden function when i click it.	@timmygrunt now.i cant follow from the blackberry it says forbidden function when i click it.
@georgiaface that's lousy from blackberry!  you have only yourself to blame for bigging up dh. haven't seen ep2	@georgiaface that's lousy from blackberry.  you have only yourself to blame for bigging up dh. haven't seen ep2
@adeline_goh thx for having us at the blackberry show adeline!  storm rulez!	@adeline_goh thx for having us at the blackberry show adeline.  storm rulez.
i shall leave now  will be back later. might tweet from sister's blackberry but i'm crap at using it. i'll decide :p laterss x	i shall leave now  will be back later. might tweet from sister's blackberry but i'm crap at using it. i'll decide :p laterss x
@gazza_2505 thanks!  you decided on blackberry v's iphone yet? probs best to go in to phone shop and have a play about with both?	@gazza_2505 thanks.  you decided on blackberry v's iphone yet. probs best to go in to phone shop and have a play about with both.
@areyoupromise it's called tethering-google tethering iphone or tethering blackberry	@areyoupromise it's called tethering-google tethering iphone or tethering blackberry
message me on blackberry messenger my pin is   305ecadd   on the motorcycle racing the wind chasing the sunset living the dream	message me on blackberry messenger my pin is   305ecadd   on the motorcycle racing the wind chasing the sunset living the dream
my grandson...41/2   sent from my blackberry® smartphone with sprintspeed - http://twitpic.com/6c3rc	my grandson.41/2   sent from my blackberry® smartphone with sprintspeed - http://twitpic.com/6c3rc
sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/kjx4 ad:	sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/kjx4 ad:
finalleeehhh downloaded tetris for blackberry  thanks to benny chow	finalleeehhh downloaded tetris for blackberry  thanks to benny chow
guess who finally has a new blackberry?	guess who finally has a new blackberry.
@corvida  thanks for the link to @topify.  it actually has made things easier.  i can now block spammers from the blackberry!	@corvida  thanks for the link to @topify.  it actually has made things easier.  i can now block spammers from the blackberry.
is anticipating the arrival of his new blackberry  yay	is anticipating the arrival of his new blackberry  yay
is getting a blackberry storm. that's the final decision  and ohh.. got my shopping spree for this month! haha. so	is getting a blackberry storm. that's the final decision  and ohh. got my shopping spree for this month. haha. so
hmm... updating my blackberry storm. wonder how this will screw things up?	hmm. updating my blackberry storm. wonder how this will screw things up.
just got his blackberry replaced! i can now txt again	just got his blackberry replaced. i can now txt again
@hitekdude yeah i've heard and seen a production of it but i could never depart with my blackberry i rather have the zune hd	@hitekdude yeah i've heard and seen a production of it but i could never depart with my blackberry i rather have the zune hd
@blackberrysync love the banner placement as well  time to make money	@blackberrysync love the banner placement as well  time to make money
@robleavy i know several people ready to trade in their blackberrys for iphones.  several excellent twitter apps available for iphone	@robleavy i know several people ready to trade in their blackberrys for iphones.  several excellent twitter apps available for iphone
thanks @kathleenwithak for saving my blackberry	thanks @kathleenwithak for saving my blackberry
@mgph3nom chilling on twitter via my spanking new blackberry w/ unlimited internet : http://tr.im/mzvc	@mgph3nom chilling on twitter via my spanking new blackberry w/ unlimited internet : http://tr.im/mzvc
bought a blackberry 7280	bought a blackberry 7280
contemplating whether or not to turn in my blackberry pearl for 60 swagbucks!!	contemplating whether or not to turn in my blackberry pearl for 60 swagbucks.
my new blackberry is great ! thx mamah	my new blackberry is great . thx mamah
@newgadgetsguru haha kepo abit. i don't know much about	@newgadgetsguru haha kepo abit. i don't know much about
good night world. going to fall asleep with my puppy and my blackberry in my ear.	good night world. going to fall asleep with my puppy and my blackberry in my ear.
i am the proud owner of a blackberry bold.	i am the proud owner of a blackberry bold.
i want my cell phone back  its still broken... but  at my birthday im going to buy a new one  this time i think it will be a blackberry	i want my cell phone back  its still broken. but  at my birthday im going to buy a new one  this time i think it will be a blackberry
got my blackberry storm updated to the new version &amp; hope there are no issues	got my blackberry storm updated to the new version &amp; hope there are no issues
thinking about converting some of my drawings into iphone/blackberry wallpaper	thinking about converting some of my drawings into iphone/blackberry wallpaper
ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/lq3a	ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/lq3a
that was my first post with my blackberry.	that was my first post with my blackberry.
ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/ltxn	ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/ltxn
i have a blackberry but do not have texting or internet on it...  if you ever need me	i have a blackberry but do not have texting or internet on it.  if you ever need me
@karamelly no more sk for meeeeee. blackberry now	@karamelly no more sk for meeeeee. blackberry now
@blam please tell me the new blackberry &quot;tour&quot; is coming out soon.  an exact date would be appreciated. thanks!	@blam please tell me the new blackberry &quot;tour&quot; is coming out soon.  an exact date would be appreciated. thanks.
is going to attack the jungle of blackberry vines in the upper corner of his back yard.  i came across a spray kills them dead	is going to attack the jungle of blackberry vines in the upper corner of his back yard.  i came across a spray kills them dead
i love my blackberry	i love my blackberry
@lopezwilfred yes thank goodness for my blackberry  and twitterfox	@lopezwilfred yes thank goodness for my blackberry  and twitterfox
eating and unpacking some more. got a blackberry today!	eating and unpacking some more. got a blackberry today.
blackberry troubles all over.. fortunately enough i don't have one! my htc touch works fine	blackberry troubles all over. fortunately enough i don't have one. my htc touch works fine
@brianzimmel seth said i should tweet you to find out about the blackberry storm! i'm interested in getting one!	@brianzimmel seth said i should tweet you to find out about the blackberry storm. i'm interested in getting one.
got the wet dream vol. 1 mixtape on my blackberry listening to it at work.	got the wet dream vol. 1 mixtape on my blackberry listening to it at work.
@manicmomday need to get a blackberry they you can tweet all you want without worrying about his &quot;packets&quot;	@manicmomday need to get a blackberry they you can tweet all you want without worrying about his &quot;packets&quot;
needs everyone's pin # because i have a blackberry now  yay! i have 6 people so far... haha!	needs everyone's pin # because i have a blackberry now  yay. i have 6 people so far. haha.
@poshy what no rim?  you know your in blackberry country now right?	@poshy what no rim.  you know your in blackberry country now right.
blackberry upgrades... joy!!! #ihateblackberry	blackberry upgrades. joy. #ihateblackberry
@mrfresh0587 yeah. get a blackberry	@mrfresh0587 yeah. get a blackberry
@saphotoz @ryan_adt @epicsoul @saintfjr @silvarose23 i have a blackberry curve but no data plan!  will get the bold in august!	@saphotoz @ryan_adt @epicsoul @saintfjr @silvarose23 i have a blackberry curve but no data plan.  will get the bold in august.
@whitsundays we do need to get you a blackberry ..... you are already across most of it now  thanks for the retweet	@whitsundays we do need to get you a blackberry . you are already across most of it now  thanks for the retweet
ahhh. so in love with my blackberry bold	ahhh. so in love with my blackberry bold
i would be completely lost if i didn't have this phone! blackberry bold... get one and be bold ppl	i would be completely lost if i didn't have this phone. blackberry bold. get one and be bold ppl
finally got her blackberry!!!	finally got her blackberry.
saying goodbye to my world edition blackberry and going back to the curve	saying goodbye to my world edition blackberry and going back to the curve
july 6th...blackberry storm	july 6th.blackberry storm
you know it's the end of the year when you forget to write in paragraphs. @caseycabot yay! can't wait!  how's the blackberry?	you know it's the end of the year when you forget to write in paragraphs. @caseycabot yay. can't wait.  how's the blackberry.
http://twitpic.com/6fviy - blackberry photo!	http://twitpic.com/6fviy - blackberry photo.
my bbm is popin right now!!! pin me folks and join in...this is a blackberry user exclusive tho all the rest are lame	my bbm is popin right now. pin me folks and join in.this is a blackberry user exclusive tho all the rest are lame
so my blackberry decided to start working again!	so my blackberry decided to start working again.
@lacoacha my blackberry is pink also!!!  p.s. i got ur email. i'll get back to you tomorrow!	@lacoacha my blackberry is pink also.  p.s. i got ur email. i'll get back to you tomorrow.
testing out this snap2twitter app for my new blackberry curve.. this is only a test..  http://sml.vg/srwxvz	testing out this snap2twitter app for my new blackberry curve. this is only a test.  http://sml.vg/srwxvz
barackberry (&quot;first blackberry&quot;) is funny  http://firstblackberry.com	barackberry (&quot;first blackberry&quot;) is funny  http://firstblackberry.com
anybody selling a blackberry curve for t-mobile? i just want a blackberry with wifi!  you have to be local in oc&amp;maybe la though	anybody selling a blackberry curve for t-mobile. i just want a blackberry with wifi.  you have to be local in oc&amp;maybe la though
@siviwekwatsha or the #blackberry storm.. @shebeegee here's your reminder	@siviwekwatsha or the #blackberry storm. @shebeegee here's your reminder
@joia too much tech in my life. tried to make that a smart-phone joke in my head. (see urbandictioanry re blackberry jam	@joia too much tech in my life. tried to make that a smart-phone joke in my head. (see urbandictioanry re blackberry jam
too lazy to type from my blackberry sooo...  hi!  working again and goofing off on my laptop	too lazy to type from my blackberry sooo.  hi.  working again and goofing off on my laptop
my blackberry is working hallelujaaaahhhhhh	my blackberry is working hallelujaaaahhhhhh
@jenngeee course i won't forget! i got that shit etched in my blackberry	@jenngeee course i won't forget. i got that shit etched in my blackberry
i'm on my blackberry bitches  and its currently charging :p	i'm on my blackberry bitches  and its currently charging :p
@hatsuseno and i will have my blackberry diamond	@hatsuseno and i will have my blackberry diamond
whoops jenna and left school to get breakfast. freaking tired as hell. slept like 4 hours last night. i got a new blackberry mothuhss	whoops jenna and left school to get breakfast. freaking tired as hell. slept like 4 hours last night. i got a new blackberry mothuhss
will have her blackberry soooooon!  *crossedfingers*	will have her blackberry soooooon.  *crossedfingers*
i get my blackberry in a few weeks!!!  cant wait.	i get my blackberry in a few weeks.  cant wait.
@chk10  so switch then we can trade phones and i can sell your blackberry to get another iphone.	@chk10  so switch then we can trade phones and i can sell your blackberry to get another iphone.
i accidentally washed my boyfriends blackberry in his jeans pocket. 2 days later its fine! go blackberry!!	i accidentally washed my boyfriends blackberry in his jeans pocket. 2 days later its fine. go blackberry.
happy cause i finally got my blackberry back..... y voy para noche de galeria!	happy cause i finally got my blackberry back. y voy para noche de galeria.
35 days 'til i own a blackberry storm...	35 days 'til i own a blackberry storm.
blackberry soon.	blackberry soon.
i'm wondering if i should start tweeting from my blackberry? nah... i'm not that important.... yet	i'm wondering if i should start tweeting from my blackberry. nah. i'm not that important. yet
gahhhhhjgfdfgbj :&lt; my blackberry is dying. i want to cry. anyone have a spare?	gahhhhhjgfdfgbj :&lt; my blackberry is dying. i want to cry. anyone have a spare.
power just went off and on here. i can still teather my blackberry to the laptop if i get desperate	power just went off and on here. i can still teather my blackberry to the laptop if i get desperate
just got home with my blackberry storm and am loving it	just got home with my blackberry storm and am loving it
@sammyyyk im good! i just got a data plan on my	@sammyyyk im good. i just got a data plan on my
hello i'm tricina &amp; i don't bite  cinabun@att.blackberry.net	hello i'm tricina &amp; i don't bite  cinabun@att.blackberry.net
@shizzaam  that's my favorite thing in the world lol besides my	@shizzaam  that's my favorite thing in the world lol besides my
i gotta remember to update more frequently i don't have my blackberry it was so much easier  how is everyone doing?	i gotta remember to update more frequently i don't have my blackberry it was so much easier  how is everyone doing.
is on blackberryos looking through the forums	is on blackberryos looking through the forums
is on blackberryos looking through the forums  look for me on there kristopherf	is on blackberryos looking through the forums  look for me on there kristopherf
teaching my boss how to use a blackberry. havin' fun doin' it...	teaching my boss how to use a blackberry. havin' fun doin' it.
back up and runnin with my new blackberry	back up and runnin with my new blackberry
will get blackberry this sunday !!!	will get blackberry this sunday .
@jackandrai please tell me you got a blackberry.	@jackandrai please tell me you got a blackberry.
at bowling alley  uuugh my	at bowling alley  uuugh my
@mamanf blackberry. blackberry. blackberry. blackberry. blackberry. blackberry. hehehe	@mamanf blackberry. blackberry. blackberry. blackberry. blackberry. blackberry. hehehe
finally found my pink blackberry bold and it only costs £4000  http://mypict.me/2skk	finally found my pink blackberry bold and it only costs £4000  http://mypict.me/2skk
@lizannv  i know!  everyone is shocked that it took me this long to get a blackberry!	@lizannv  i know.  everyone is shocked that it took me this long to get a blackberry.
is appreciating the different apps on blackberry including fb app. makes graduating ceramonies seem much shorter. is that wrong???	is appreciating the different apps on blackberry including fb app. makes graduating ceramonies seem much shorter. is that wrong.
i love my blackberry 8900	i love my blackberry 8900
@lilyroseallen the google phone looks pretty fucking awesome as compared to the blackberry	@lilyroseallen the google phone looks pretty fucking awesome as compared to the blackberry
@misslasheenaj because u have a blackberry. haha	@misslasheenaj because u have a blackberry. haha
fasting from blackberry today...well...to be honest i left it in my car. we'll see how nutty i get	fasting from blackberry today.well.to be honest i left it in my car. we'll see how nutty i get
blackberry 5.0 successfully cutover to new virtual server - a few small hiccups being handled individually - time to celebrate with lunch	blackberry 5.0 successfully cutover to new virtual server - a few small hiccups being handled individually - time to celebrate with lunch
@damonmartin ive used it and works fine.. ( just for the addresses etc ) then delete and use #blackberry #media #sync	@damonmartin ive used it and works fine. ( just for the addresses etc ) then delete and use #blackberry #media #sync
@athene_athene yay  haha but how ever will you go on with out your blackberry for the rest of the day?! :o	@athene_athene yay  haha but how ever will you go on with out your blackberry for the rest of the day. :o
i want a pink blackberry curveee	i want a pink blackberry curveee
looking forward to our rocky point mission trip.  no blackberry coverage from friday until sunday	looking forward to our rocky point mission trip.  no blackberry coverage from friday until sunday
goodnight! the world of blackberry is exciting!	goodnight. the world of blackberry is exciting.
will be in ny from friday to sunday!  so excited.    catch ya'll sunday night...unless the blackberry calls to me too much...	will be in ny from friday to sunday.  so excited.    catch ya'll sunday night.unless the blackberry calls to me too much.
anyone have a blackberry?!?!?! hit me w/ your pin so we can bbm	anyone have a blackberry. hit me w/ your pin so we can bbm
would you all believe that i (once again) have a blackberry!? don't fear though	would you all believe that i (once again) have a blackberry. don't fear though
@cindypon i have a pink blackberry and i love it! have internet everywhere i go! keeps my busy schedule organized! and it's just cool.	@cindypon i have a pink blackberry and i love it. have internet everywhere i go. keeps my busy schedule organized. and it's just cool.
new blackberry baby woop! shopping today was fun fun fun!	new blackberry baby woop. shopping today was fun fun fun.
@mccainblogette blackberry is way more confusing!! with iphone you just point at what u want.. very simple and very fun	@mccainblogette blackberry is way more confusing. with iphone you just point at what u want. very simple and very fun
more #followfriday  @esoterismo @theenergymiser @chastity_1111 @dh_photography @ecochic @blackberrypros @barkworthynews @alexasangels	more #followfriday  @esoterismo @theenergymiser @chastity_1111 @dh_photography @ecochic @blackberrypros @barkworthynews @alexasangels
@djmoneymikegle i access mine on my blackberry web browser it used 2say mobile web but it changed 2 web?? sumtimes its like twilight zone	@djmoneymikegle i access mine on my blackberry web browser it used 2say mobile web but it changed 2 web. sumtimes its like twilight zone
@sarahwynn1  awesome cheers hun  ahh i want a blackberry!	@sarahwynn1  awesome cheers hun  ahh i want a blackberry.
@fra_shape ubertwitter for blackberry much better and easier to uae with more functions.  http://emkwan.wordpress.com	@fra_shape ubertwitter for blackberry much better and easier to uae with more functions.  http://emkwan.wordpress.com
really loving this blackberry tea	really loving this blackberry tea
just joined twitter and added it on my blackberry!	just joined twitter and added it on my blackberry.
jugando con mi blackberry y empezando twitters!!	jugando con mi blackberry y empezando twitters.
i'm using curt's blackberry	i'm using curt's blackberry
evernote on the blackberry. oh yeah! what an emotional roller coaster new software can be	evernote on the blackberry. oh yeah. what an emotional roller coaster new software can be
@blackberry74 i feel it would apply to anyone	@blackberry74 i feel it would apply to anyone
almost a blackberry owner  lol i'm a dork	almost a blackberry owner  lol i'm a dork
the pic won't upload from my	the pic won't upload from my
we are going to get mom on twitter tonight. she's already got a fb and a blackberry and is proficient with both - i think she's ready	we are going to get mom on twitter tonight. she's already got a fb and a blackberry and is proficient with both - i think she's ready
ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/pa8c	ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/pa8c
@khopkinson thanks for the #followfriday shout out!  you're simply awesome #blackberry	@khopkinson thanks for the #followfriday shout out.  you're simply awesome #blackberry
downloading v1.6 facebook for my blackberry!	downloading v1.6 facebook for my blackberry.
@tzduzit  i speak the truth. you are the god of blackberry knowledge and wisdom	@tzduzit  i speak the truth. you are the god of blackberry knowledge and wisdom
@bryandeleon pandora is great! i got the app on my blackberry	@bryandeleon pandora is great. i got the app on my blackberry
my phone fixed ! shout out to all the blackberry users	my phone fixed . shout out to all the blackberry users
facebook 1.6 for blackberry® is available! visit sheggario.blogspot.com	facebook 1.6 for blackberry® is available. visit sheggario.blogspot.com
http://twitpic.com/6q2wh - playing with the new blackberry	http://twitpic.com/6q2wh - playing with the new blackberry
@tferthomas you are very welcome re:- #blackberry #sharingthelove	@tferthomas you are very welcome re:- #blackberry #sharingthelove
is playing with our sisters blackberry when we should be sleeping hehe	is playing with our sisters blackberry when we should be sleeping hehe
@selvinortiz hmmm...im convinced now. my blackberry hates me!	@selvinortiz hmmm.im convinced now. my blackberry hates me.
@xoalexa thanks for the blackberry news	@xoalexa thanks for the blackberry news
yay! i finally got twitterberry to work on my blackberry	yay. i finally got twitterberry to work on my blackberry
@1capplegate take some blackberry pics	@1capplegate take some blackberry pics
@1capplegate you should look into the app twitterberry for your blackberry. i use it for mine	@1capplegate you should look into the app twitterberry for your blackberry. i use it for mine
sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/pydn ad:	sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/pydn ad:
batre blackberry saya tinggal 20% sehingga numpang charge di kantor duty manager di airport hahaha	batre blackberry saya tinggal 20% sehingga numpang charge di kantor duty manager di airport hahaha
@jaybranch i'm gonna see if i can find it for my blackberry	@jaybranch i'm gonna see if i can find it for my blackberry
@piercedbrat i use a palm centro. i wish the had an app for them like blackberry's	@piercedbrat i use a palm centro. i wish the had an app for them like blackberry's
@tferthomas i so need blackberry lessons. do you have any web sites that have cheat sheets?  thank you for #ff kindness.	@tferthomas i so need blackberry lessons. do you have any web sites that have cheat sheets.  thank you for #ff kindness.
thanx his blackberry for letting him stay intouch wiv all the world  luv ya bb xd lol	thanx his blackberry for letting him stay intouch wiv all the world  luv ya bb xd lol
@urban_empress hmm... thanks i know but i can only do so much on a blackberry love	@urban_empress hmm. thanks i know but i can only do so much on a blackberry love
downloaded twitterberry for my blackberry to keep things updated	downloaded twitterberry for my blackberry to keep things updated
i want a blackberry. if you're selling one on the cheap hook me up!	i want a blackberry. if you're selling one on the cheap hook me up.
i got a blackberry for my birthday	i got a blackberry for my birthday
ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/qe0j	ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/qe0j
there's a blackberry man who responded to my tweet !	there's a blackberry man who responded to my tweet .
@taylor2nd blackberry bolds and javelins now in stock!!! unlocking all bb handsets!!!...(free ad)	@taylor2nd blackberry bolds and javelins now in stock. unlocking all bb handsets.(free ad)
@tomkaulitzluv3r if you text fast now i cant even imagine how fast your going to text with a blackberry! lol! but im happy for you!	@tomkaulitzluv3r if you text fast now i cant even imagine how fast your going to text with a blackberry. lol. but im happy for you.
can u get blackberrys on prepay?	can u get blackberrys on prepay.
playin with my new blackberry curve	playin with my new blackberry curve
@princess_hel oooh yeah its a new version of blackberry! my dad created it only 4 you	@princess_hel oooh yeah its a new version of blackberry. my dad created it only 4 you
just put twitterberry back on my blackberry	just put twitterberry back on my blackberry
upgrade to facebook® for blackberry® smartphones v1.6	upgrade to facebook® for blackberry® smartphones v1.6
@sheriffab yes!!! get a blackberry sheriffa!! but don't be like all the other blackberry abusers and not use it properly	@sheriffab yes. get a blackberry sheriffa. but don't be like all the other blackberry abusers and not use it properly
@dinovia i was wondering if you got a new blackberry flip. been wondering all day.	@dinovia i was wondering if you got a new blackberry flip. been wondering all day.
yay go my blackberry hooked up with twitter!	yay go my blackberry hooked up with twitter.
@brandnumusic84 had one for over a year...i actually love blackberry and encouraged many to buy them..but this phone mos def tops it!	@brandnumusic84 had one for over a year.i actually love blackberry and encouraged many to buy them.but this phone mos def tops it.
so happy to have my blackberry again	so happy to have my blackberry again
ah! silly	ah. silly
@lotay : #poll definitely blackberry	@lotay : #poll definitely blackberry
@trouper09x blackberrys are taking over the world  conquer it	@trouper09x blackberrys are taking over the world  conquer it
trying to figure our the blackberry.... my ancient phone is gone!	trying to figure our the blackberry. my ancient phone is gone.
i got a blackberry storm!  new toy!!!  and i got infamous to keep myself really busy.	i got a blackberry storm.  new toy.  and i got infamous to keep myself really busy.
@thatdudedeon or  @thechurchgirl. can join the blackberry fam!  lol	@thatdudedeon or  @thechurchgirl. can join the blackberry fam.  lol
@jswaby lol i've been a palm fan since my palm pilot days  but my friend brought it up then decided to get a blackberry so now i want t..	@jswaby lol i've been a palm fan since my palm pilot days  but my friend brought it up then decided to get a blackberry so now i want t.
my dad just bought me the blackberry storm	my dad just bought me the blackberry storm
twitter bugs.. i have been gone all day today... wat are you guys up too??? im loving my blackberry alot !!!	twitter bugs. i have been gone all day today. wat are you guys up too. im loving my blackberry alot .
sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/qtfq gottaeat	sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/qtfq gottaeat
@penguinjanet i'm trying to decide between a new iphone or a blackberry!	@penguinjanet i'm trying to decide between a new iphone or a blackberry.
i got @blackberry140 following me. thanks for the follow now i can get great tips about my blackberry.	i got @blackberry140 following me. thanks for the follow now i can get great tips about my blackberry.
omg! i finally got twitter on my blackberry	omg. i finally got twitter on my blackberry
@exeye your lost blackberry just called me. i'm going to go get it.	@exeye your lost blackberry just called me. i'm going to go get it.
@digitaljoy so the blackberry app world doesn't include any apps that are still in beta? lucky they never heard of google.	@digitaljoy so the blackberry app world doesn't include any apps that are still in beta. lucky they never heard of google.
@shical i agree 210% shica.....blackberry or bust....i love my bb!!!	@shical i agree 210% shica.blackberry or bust.i love my bb.
@tiergarten i figured that would happen!  i'm totally smitten with my blackberry curve	@tiergarten i figured that would happen.  i'm totally smitten with my blackberry curve
@tareshmonchel  just bought a blackberry storm today ..... any hints?	@tareshmonchel  just bought a blackberry storm today . any hints.
@amds007 nope on blackberry... out of business world &amp; living simple life	@amds007 nope on blackberry. out of business world &amp; living simple life
@qblockdotcom what is blackberry bold or is it blackberry old?	@qblockdotcom what is blackberry bold or is it blackberry old.
@houstondiva @davidpatterson3 fyi..i use tweetie on my mac...use ubertwitter for my blackberry...couldn't live w/o the berry	@houstondiva @davidpatterson3 fyi.i use tweetie on my mac.use ubertwitter for my blackberry.couldn't live w/o the berry
hunting for the perfect blackberry.	hunting for the perfect blackberry.
@keesbabylove  i can't wait for my blackberry to get here!  *hopefully* this week.    (i had to order it through work)	@keesbabylove  i can't wait for my blackberry to get here.  *hopefully* this week.    (i had to order it through work)
updated socialscope application. thanks @socialscope  #blackberry	updated socialscope application. thanks @socialscope  #blackberry
socialscopr for blackberry updated from .28 to .33	socialscopr for blackberry updated from .28 to .33
i got a blackberry!! there soo cool lol	i got a blackberry. there soo cool lol
@iblogalott blackberry in a heart beat.	@iblogalott blackberry in a heart beat.
wishing my night was a tad more exciting.. i had blueberry/blackberry/strawberry pancakes for dinner and a cup of tea	wishing my night was a tad more exciting. i had blueberry/blackberry/strawberry pancakes for dinner and a cup of tea
@bradgal thanks for the retweet #blackberry	@bradgal thanks for the retweet #blackberry
blackberry	blackberry
@breeme more time to play with you blackberry then	@breeme more time to play with you blackberry then
sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/rpjt ad:	sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/rpjt ad:
@robintaylorroth were you asking what marionberries are? a cross of raspberry x blackberry  very popular here	@robintaylorroth were you asking what marionberries are. a cross of raspberry x blackberry  very popular here
@ilkee wow. awesome! love blackberry	@ilkee wow. awesome. love blackberry
@appleinvestor neither -- you're looking at your blackberry instead of the trees	@appleinvestor neither -- you're looking at your blackberry instead of the trees
finally got around to getting my blackberry. well happy.	finally got around to getting my blackberry. well happy.
upgrading my blackberry device.  hopefully it fixes more then it screws up.    4.2 to 4.5 with html email!  yee ha!	upgrading my blackberry device.  hopefully it fixes more then it screws up.    4.2 to 4.5 with html email.  yee ha.
four days until graduation. i should probably sleep. i feel like getting a blackberry but javelin though cause it got super cute buttons	four days until graduation. i should probably sleep. i feel like getting a blackberry but javelin though cause it got super cute buttons
beat brickbreaker on my blackberry today! no small achievment i might add	beat brickbreaker on my blackberry today. no small achievment i might add
bought a blackberry today.  yay	bought a blackberry today.  yay
@cinnamoncloud it's a nokia e63 (looks like a blackberry!) lol	@cinnamoncloud it's a nokia e63 (looks like a blackberry.) lol
@arnthorsnaer ubertwitter fyrir blackberry  http://myloc.me/2vww	@arnthorsnaer ubertwitter fyrir blackberry  http://myloc.me/2vww
@emmy_563 ...-ich will n blackberry	@emmy_563 .-ich will n blackberry
blackberry	blackberry
gettin a blackberry today and some new shoes...more excited about a phone though	gettin a blackberry today and some new shoes.more excited about a phone though
@rebroker_jenn i have her on my blackberry messenger so she cannot escape. hahahahhaha	@rebroker_jenn i have her on my blackberry messenger so she cannot escape. hahahahhaha
well.. twitting from the blackberry is not good! see you all! have a nice end-of-weekend!	well. twitting from the blackberry is not good. see you all. have a nice end-of-weekend.
just got home from the beach! blackberry pearl on tuesday	just got home from the beach. blackberry pearl on tuesday
@dustin83 do you use your blackberry messenger? if so	@dustin83 do you use your blackberry messenger. if so
@am_blackberry you can't say &quot;i'd get rid of her&quot; to her. plus	@am_blackberry you can't say &quot;i'd get rid of her&quot; to her. plus
@ninaliney dont get a blackberry - thats what i'm going for next!  haha	@ninaliney dont get a blackberry - thats what i'm going for next.  haha
@pfrommerc you got it bro... and that's coming from an avid blackberry user	@pfrommerc you got it bro. and that's coming from an avid blackberry user
@codyditto i have a	@codyditto i have a
@craigzuber thanx for the follow!! my blackberry 'follow' option is gone...strange	@craigzuber thanx for the follow. my blackberry 'follow' option is gone.strange
@mgigs not unless they come out with blackberry messenger ont he iphone	@mgigs not unless they come out with blackberry messenger ont he iphone
i got a blackberry	i got a blackberry
@nicramirez wtf?!? why? just get a blackberry	@nicramirez wtf. why. just get a blackberry
playing with various programs on my blackberry  @ bretmoor dr &amp; skyridge dr http://loopt.us/nbap5w.t	playing with various programs on my blackberry  @ bretmoor dr &amp; skyridge dr http://loopt.us/nbap5w.t
@pranjals meh. can you blame them. the amount of heartburn blackberry/iphone toting employees must cause to the winmo team	@pranjals meh. can you blame them. the amount of heartburn blackberry/iphone toting employees must cause to the winmo team
ohh alright then ;) :$ oh alright  well ask when ur in  oh i dunt no anythin bout blackberrys haha lol :$ i was lookin at buying one of	ohh alright then ;) :$ oh alright  well ask when ur in  oh i dunt no anythin bout blackberrys haha lol :$ i was lookin at buying one of
new number people - loving the world of blackberry...0780077813	new number people - loving the world of blackberry.0780077813
@jswo bought me back around.  although i accidentally typed in &quot;is drinking&quot; fb status friday night via blackberry! hope mom didn't c it	@jswo bought me back around.  although i accidentally typed in &quot;is drinking&quot; fb status friday night via blackberry. hope mom didn't c it
have i mentioned how much i love my blackberry? i doooo	have i mentioned how much i love my blackberry. i doooo
wants a new fone especialli the blackberry curve  had a viewty for a month and broke it so probz need to b xtra nice  if i have any chance	wants a new fone especialli the blackberry curve  had a viewty for a month and broke it so probz need to b xtra nice  if i have any chance
@ccccatalane you have very nice eyes - will have an even better look when i get off my blackberry	@ccccatalane you have very nice eyes - will have an even better look when i get off my blackberry
@therealjordin aww yay - battlefield just came on &quot;slacker radio&quot; on my blackberry	@therealjordin aww yay - battlefield just came on &quot;slacker radio&quot; on my blackberry
#imgonnaneed a new phone: preferably the blackberry storm...thank you	#imgonnaneed a new phone: preferably the blackberry storm.thank you
search engine marketing on an blackberry	search engine marketing on an blackberry
just got my new blackberry storm  looove it	just got my new blackberry storm  looove it
@jameshaskell tweet genius works for blackberry	@jameshaskell tweet genius works for blackberry
@jessicabrea blackberry!! we can bbm!!	@jessicabrea blackberry. we can bbm.
i'm sick of my touch screen phone and can't get a new one from verizon til my plan is up...anyone selling a blackberry?	i'm sick of my touch screen phone and can't get a new one from verizon til my plan is up.anyone selling a blackberry.
downloaded oliver twist onto her blackberry.. thats the next book i am reading.	downloaded oliver twist onto her blackberry. thats the next book i am reading.
my new blackberry is updated and is great!!!!! back to my crack	my new blackberry is updated and is great. back to my crack
loves having a blackberry at work it gives me somthing to do!!	loves having a blackberry at work it gives me somthing to do.
@scodal here's a strong drink for you... 1 part blackberry brandy	@scodal here's a strong drink for you. 1 part blackberry brandy
just downloaded an even better twitter app for my blackberry  i'm gonna be tweetin like crazy noww	just downloaded an even better twitter app for my blackberry  i'm gonna be tweetin like crazy noww
@gabyseeeta it worked on my blackberry	@gabyseeeta it worked on my blackberry
@mhlywd wait and check out the iphone 3gs. if you don't like the iphone take it back and get your blackberry back. simple as that.	@mhlywd wait and check out the iphone 3gs. if you don't like the iphone take it back and get your blackberry back. simple as that.
just got a blackberry. trying to figure it out.	just got a blackberry. trying to figure it out.
@eyesaiyuh Übertwitter's the application i use on my blackberry  and star trek was the best movie i've seen this summer! i saw it 3 times.	@eyesaiyuh Übertwitter's the application i use on my blackberry  and star trek was the best movie i've seen this summer. i saw it 3 times.
blackberry twitter app  woohooo	blackberry twitter app  woohooo
addit sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/1317x	addit sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/1317x
testing blackberry tweet one two	testing blackberry tweet one two
oh wow this new blackberry messenger has some good things added and runs nice	oh wow this new blackberry messenger has some good things added and runs nice
@febiandi and @komblackberry ini lo capture an @socialscope lite..awesomesss  http://mypict.me/3zyk	@febiandi and @komblackberry ini lo capture an @socialscope lite.awesomesss  http://mypict.me/3zyk
http://twitpic.com/7ivq1 - taken with my blackberry.	http://twitpic.com/7ivq1 - taken with my blackberry.
finally figured out how to get twitter on my	finally figured out how to get twitter on my
yay i got my blackberry! i loove it	yay i got my blackberry. i loove it
ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go... http://is.gd/13a7q	ad: sugarsync now has support for blackberry as well. it's perfect for busy execs  all files on the go. http://is.gd/13a7q
@fruitlatte sure. ngo dou ho seung yiu blackberry  but anyway just don't get lg. my phone hangs at least once a day. cool huh	@fruitlatte sure. ngo dou ho seung yiu blackberry  but anyway just don't get lg. my phone hangs at least once a day. cool huh
@missshonah oh this is a blackberry classic. thanks for the retweet	@missshonah oh this is a blackberry classic. thanks for the retweet
@sharonisme nokia e75  thy wanted to get me blackberry i tak nak	@sharonisme nokia e75  thy wanted to get me blackberry i tak nak
@markohatma @tinakei just got a blackberry? use socialscope or ubertwitter	@markohatma @tinakei just got a blackberry. use socialscope or ubertwitter
i love the red croco blackberry bold back door that @mrsrance just gave to me. goes well with my mac leopard red-theme!  thankyouuu!!	i love the red croco blackberry bold back door that @mrsrance just gave to me. goes well with my mac leopard red-theme.  thankyouuu.
@yourmajestyy its people like you who make me glad i have an app on my blackberry! no need subscribe! i can read it all  keep em coming!	@yourmajestyy its people like you who make me glad i have an app on my blackberry. no need subscribe. i can read it all  keep em coming.
@leunamo yes! the blackberry bold. my plan ends this month so i'm getting it sooner than i thought  how are you?	@leunamo yes. the blackberry bold. my plan ends this month so i'm getting it sooner than i thought  how are you.
@verresnoirs yeah i use a blackberry... i guessing the problem should be with your provider..	@verresnoirs yeah i use a blackberry. i guessing the problem should be with your provider.
very impressed by my new (to me) blackberry bold	very impressed by my new (to me) blackberry bold
just for you @loz62 @theengteacher @pinkberrygirl @monicks @chriscattaneo @blackberrychick  http://sml.vg/hf6krl	just for you @loz62 @theengteacher @pinkberrygirl @monicks @chriscattaneo @blackberrychick  http://sml.vg/hf6krl
great media lunch today with research in motion - sigh i do love my  blackberry	great media lunch today with research in motion - sigh i do love my  blackberry
rim aims to cross categories with blackberry tour (reuters) #geek #webtech #news http://tinyurl.com/mjpjtx	rim aims to cross categories with blackberry tour (reuters) #geek #webtech #news http://tinyurl.com/mjpjtx
@cindytham @gracechin something better than a blackberry	@cindytham @gracechin something better than a blackberry
@3italia blackberry storm 2... sicuro!!!!	@3italia blackberry storm 2. sicuro.
yay! blackberry facebook is now 1.6! new and improved	yay. blackberry facebook is now 1.6. new and improved
wow this is fun  my blackberry has so many new and cool apps	wow this is fun  my blackberry has so many new and cool apps
@bronxnyfinest sori bud i'm not like @therealgraceyb on her blackberry all-day	@bronxnyfinest sori bud i'm not like @therealgraceyb on her blackberry all-day
finally got my blackberry back.	finally got my blackberry back.
blackberry tour coming to sprint and verizon	blackberry tour coming to sprint and verizon
is waiting for the tracking number for her new pink blackberry curve!! switched to verizon.. no worries	is waiting for the tracking number for her new pink blackberry curve. switched to verizon. no worries
1(6 )+_ /_)4......lol thats in blackberry talk	1(6 )+_ /_)4.lol thats in blackberry talk
@willy_joe cool! you'd probably be able to get the blackberry tour. looks like a pretty cool phone	@willy_joe cool. you'd probably be able to get the blackberry tour. looks like a pretty cool phone
@caitykauffman lee's mom is making me go with her tonight bc she doesnt want to sit by herself. p.s. my blackberry came in!	@caitykauffman lee's mom is making me go with her tonight bc she doesnt want to sit by herself. p.s. my blackberry came in.
