The camera is nice
The camera is amazing and easy to use
Love the sleekness of the phone.
I would like to comment on the camera of this phone
The camera is nice.
I like the lens of this camera.
dslr's size is too bulky
@mamasvan lol - nope! but i did have complete #camerafail  
http://twitpic.com/2y36e - cant see the flowers falling  i dont have a camera 
wants her camera back!  
i really wish i had not bought the camera-less e62 that day when my 6680 went dead. i miss photographing little things. dslr is too bulky  
wants a polaroid camera.  
doing the usual with breakie in starbucks before heading out for the morning with cameras 
feels sick and needs foood. i cant find my camera anywhere!  last night was good. lindsay's house is pretty ruined eek. 
my camera spoil  
no sign of camera in todays post ... hope it arrives before the long weekend  
camera should be here today.  i think i'm going to cry though 
oh no my camera is out of juice  
i get my new camera on thursday! im so excited i could piss myself. oops i already did!  
i am bored at home with no camera 
waiting for india to hit the stage...i can't believe i left my camera  oh well having fun with my mom and bro 
just realizes that he has no camera to take for his goa/karnataka family trip  
is still playing with her shiny new camera..can't get the other lense working though  x 
i'm dressed as a panda today!! i want this to be my new facebook picture  no camera... u_u 
why do i always misplace my camera cord?  i know i had it not to long ago  
stupid back robbery in vancouver is keeping our news cameras away.  #webraising 
awesome hd 1000fps slomo vid: http://www.vimeo.com/4167288 the camera looks expensive   http://tinyurl.com/cxhmm4 
just made an adjustable camera hand strap from my old camelbak strap! ftw! i lack smart sewing skillz tho  #fb  http://twitpic.com/3job1 
totally left the house without my camera battery  
at coachella once again waiting for my camera to be charged. it died yesterday while morrissey was playing  
@craigeryowens: is the contest over?? i just got a camera today 
argh! as a geek this makes me cry inside - my uncle runs windows 98 and whenever his camera card is full he buys another.  
my camera is not working 
hoping my camera isn't broken  
i just broke my camera. bye 
#$&amp;*# just bought batteries for my cam took 10 pics and not the batteries are dead. i really need a new camera! no more pics tonight  
#$&amp;*# just bought batteries for my cam took 10 pics and now the batteries are dead. i really need a new camera! no more pics tonight  
mourning the death of my camera 
cure hot pixels on canon cameras? http://tinyurl.com/d6xnns doesn't work on my 1000d  
my camera got bumped in my bag and now i have no batteries. no pics and no video  
lost his camera last night  
think i lost my extra camera battery. grrr...  
it is such a lovely day still abit pissed about my camera! claudia put me in a better mood last night though! i miss taking pictures  !!!! 
dive weekend a success! saw: cuttlefish. and it posed before changing color and swimming away. no camera  
@cindylake i don't have my camera with me. its in my hostel room  
dropped her camera outside last nite and didnt know it was missin till this mornin..glad i have insurance on it...its soaked  
@breathingdakota 'twas a good night.  i can't remember if i left my coat in your car or brought it in to morts. russ lost his camera also  
wants her stupid samsung instinct's camera to work.  
@cherrybumbum how do you lose a video camera?  you poor thing. 
that picture would be on her camera 
@thebeerrun i think i left my camera in the cab  
saw the cutest large format kodak cameras today. so expensive. prolly because they actually work.  
@iamloveless tight!!!...so u could be the first guest on the new improved camera for my show since my old cam fell to its death  
just found out that family members four hours of photo taking only saved on! the camera was either off or faulty. they aren't happy  
@angryaussie my dad forgot the brand of the camera 
a light breakfast before i head to the gym... my lovely camera no longer works - upsetting both professional and hnt plans  
had a great night out in aberdeen but broke my new camera so totally gutted!  
@wossy gaga was hard work wasn't she?! how disappointing to see she's more f'ed up than jacko  did she seem more human off-camera? 
@curliehair69 what happened to your camera ?  
@helpsavebees saw a very small yellow bee half inch -1.5cm long at allotment yesterday bu no camera    will try and photograph it today. 
damn! i can't take a pic of the sky  poor camera. tells no difference huh! 
i've lost my usb thingy for my camera and there's a really nice pic of me and the boy  
is wanting to put this new camera to use! so. maybe i will go drive somewhere fun. it's crappy looking out  
is wanting to put this new camera to use! so. maybe i will go drive somewhere fun. it's crappy looking out  oh - and has no friends  
@whatleydude this discussion will continue on camera 
@mordecai my first camera was #lomo! my li'l bro spoiled it - still nostalgic  
http://twitpic.com/3nkli - a pair of avocets at conwy. shame i haven't got a better camera   
nobody on camera in the kitchen  
@allanlake i saw hagrids hut in the woods near pinewood once - no-one believed me and i didn't have a camera phone at the time  
about to upload some pictures... but i left my camera on and now the battery is dead. sad  
why is it when i go to work at 2.30am do i think it will be a nice day and take camera to find by 9.00am it's cloudy and drizzly  
@happysorceress: oh dear  what's the model? is it just crap quality photos or is the camera too fidgety? 
@darthshalom i belong in front of a camera  
what makes a 2 year old so hysterically afraid of the 'gamma camera'? bone scan failed 
i the spotlight always gives you stagefright  you're just a little camera shy 
i think my camera just died  damn it! 
@iloveyou45 i forgot my camera  faillll. gonna rely on flickr and youtube to relive it (: 
my camera is broken. fuck my life.  
@myfriendamy yep! we're meeting for breakfast and then going to the holocaust museum. unfortunately i don't have a camera  
@ashleykins01 i don't have a camera  
camera memory card &quot;corrupted&quot; which could make this a very bad day. will attempt recovery  
i'm determined to find my camera charger today  i neeeed it! had a good night in london with chris ! 
soooooo tired...stayed up to review the footage of the boxcars.  camera quit after 1:40:00 for some reason.  long day tomorrow  
dammit ... lost my camera last night  pretty sure i must have left it in the taxi ... fingers crossed it was handed in ( 
forgot to charge my camera. shucks  
im camera shy 
so bad! getting out of the car during the shoot-joels camera strap got caught on my leg &amp; i dropped his camera on the ground  it's ok tho 
i am so bugged with the camera repair place  they won't give me my camera back! 
i feel poor without a camera!  
somewhat disappointing drive to @englishfolkfan's. lot more speed cameras/40-50mph speed limits on snake pass than i remember  
@kyelani my camera is shit  
now has a broken camera  
just broke my camera  fml!!! don't try to fix something that's not broken 
finished posing for the camera and actually ended up with a couple of half-decent mug shots. i hate having my photo taken  
yo apple hear my cry please put a video camera in the iphone.. the twit world need to see these fucking girls sadness  
@radha_ my camera is with my friend  may be on monday or tuesday.. 
@keysee hehe cool! cool photos btw. i wish i had a real camera and not just my shitty iphone cam  
@distantfate sound was great at the union chapel. loved the smoke fairies support act. gig was good. shame we didn't have a good camera  
@digitalps canon is dominating the 'most popular cameras' list on dpreview and 'popular cameras on flickr' . and that's from a nikonian  
@bumms unfortunately not  left my camera behind. don't know what they were called i'm afraid either. will def take camera next year! 
can't find the camera battery charger......can't record  .......(for now) 
@mrcrys crys i still havent got my charger for my camera  ! 
my friend's car was broken into last night and my camera was stolen! sniff there goes six months worth of pictures  
bad little kitty climbing curtains to chase a fly. grabbed camera too late.   
@superezekiel i've got a nice camera test video i'll upload to show you. i think it came out pretty good. i don't have great gfx though.  
@anyamarina saw you at u of i last night. my northface got stolen last night along with my camera with videos or you and jason...  
i need to find my camera..  
@maryhbogart those pics are precious mine wont come to the camera  
@melissatwilove jenn you got a video camera. lol  oh or nita!!!! i dont  but we shoudl take a video of us getting out tats! 
@dmbsfgirl um. no camera isnt working  dont wanna tell hubby either.. eek! i dont know what happened to it! 
stilllll haven't gotten my camera.  
my freakin camera is broken  
had what seemed like a short but good weekend.. minus the broken lcd screen on my camera  
@amy__xx i cant step away  lol dammit. especially now i have it on my phone. dude the camera is sexy sexy 8mp &amp; 5x zoom ;) aha x x 
watching these camera  and being soo  bored  
@taddy69 flippin weather - was hoping to go out with my camera 
i am sad - broke my camera last night  
@eeus we didn't get a chance to say good bye!  i think you were off searching 4 your camera. hope you had a good trip home-need 2 catch up 
i need a new camera   my camera was destroyed 
listening to @fatbellybella on pandora radio and upset that the video footage of jazz in the gardens got deleted off the camera  
our current canon pocket camera doesn't take sdhc. so the eye-fi sits unused!  
http://twitpic.com/4w5aw - the last pic i've taken before my camera was gone!arghh shit 
my new olympus is dead as i didnt charge the battery. beautiful sunset &amp; only camera phone.  
finally arrived. camera took a dive onto concrete...again.  
deleting a shitload of pictures off my camera  
my birthday party was great! i love my friends &lt;3. totally lost my camera at ashtons. a part of me is missing 
some kid just wrecked my camera with sprite  
@housenbaby don't think that will work as it is only i year old  trying to talk him into taking the video camera 
playing with my dog. i wish i could bring photos but he dislikes the camera  
looks like that camera &amp; me time is gonna be put back till tomorrow  
hopes monty finds his camera  
oh jesus so many freaks at slough with cameras taking pictures of old buses. @vuitton_ just left me 
@bleezy15 hellz yea! cuz you know my camera is outta commission!  
needs to bring his camera out soon!  
: awww i sleep na! kasi i cant upload my camp pixies i left my camera downstairs aww  http://plurk.com/p/sy7m6 
stupid camera deleted good pictures  
blah videocamera ran out of batteries!  the shirt fight theme for 5/14 is &quot;the letter t&quot; design anything that starts with the letter &quot;t&quot;!! 
@kevinrendon i love taking pics. my friend just lost my camera i just bought 2 weeks ago.  
june 14 2007-may 9 2009 rip digital camera of mine. we had some good times.  
mad lakers lost. didnt get to see my mom for mom day. plus i cant make a vid for youtube until i fix my camera  
went for walk with camera to escape lost-mojo blues. neither hard rubbish or photography got me out of it.  
today's sky is so damn gorgeous! too bad i don't have an slr camera to capture it  
1) getting my camera!!!!!!!!!!! 2) watching the puppies 3) grey's finale 4) graduation 5) kelli's going away party   6) costa rica!!!!!!! 
i need to start taking more pictures.... i need a new charger for my camera  
@galiiit ahhaha so will i xd not that i have a camera to take a pic of it  
as of noon today my camera was in dallas... its supposed to be here tomorrow and there is no departure scan  
@evilsue the camera is a mere 10mp - it's the stitched images that can be too large for jpg format  
@saliwho his death ray laugh seems to vibrate the camera. harrowing scenes  
 our camera battery is running out. have to be smart with what we film at #netprophet 
@royce81  i'll blink in my most innocent manner and wave my notebook and camera around and hope i'm not lucky enough to be arrested! 
@camthecameraman i get one nearly every week. they just don't get the point even after telling them i don't want to change retailers.  
i can't find my camera chargers  
goslings! so cute  and me without my camera  
@patrick_dcc i keep finding sites that can compare two aspects of a camera 
playing mouthwash by kate nash on piano. the song's too cute for it's own good. i need an hd camera dammit!  
saw a prius yesterday with the tag oilsdead. wish i'd had my camera 
what am i going to do about my broken camera!?  
there is something majorly wrong with my camera.  not cool.  no warranty anymore.  man  
i wish someone could record my bowling action - i am just too quick for cameras  
@luisaramos please post the pictures on your birthday kasi sa camera ko wala ako dun  please! 
http://twitpic.com/5c5hb - my teddybear got camera shy  
@cameracrazy94 i miss you too!  
camera's charger is lost  and the usb thing to transfer camera to comp too.. waaa? where is it? need to upload archie pics! 
i have to go find a real darkroom....i have an actual film camera and the autowinder snapped a roll last week.   major uncool. 
i can't believe i went to washington park and forgot my camera! argh!!!!! soooo many awesome photos that didn't get taken.  
effff my life. my camera deleted a bunch of stuff from tonight  
home from seeing @skinnyjean_band at the powerhouse. i forgot my phone &amp; camera 
sad i lost my camera last night out in wellington.  
camera fail!  video of kick out the jams didn't happen  
but on the way my camera's touch screen broke  anyone know anything about that? my external hard drive also crashed! argh!! #fml 
on my way to the beach! ... my amigo lost his camera ... i wnt have pics  
-messes with camera settings-      i need a new webcam!!!     also 
i had a dream that i found my camera  
glorious sunshine now it is pouring!!! gutted... was going for stroll by river with camera..  
pitter patter is all i can here from the conservatory roof. i wanted to go out an play with my camera today as well  
i wish i had a good camera. photos from 'the finders keepers' at carriage works are  volume 
why do people think that because they have a camera it makes them a photographer?  its taken me 4 years to dare to call myself that  #fb 
back from the sudz! it was awesome! minus losing a few key items... primarily my camera!!! booo!!!  
@tyfity i really need a mac. my dad wants the chipin money for the camera. i don't want him to have it 
@camera_obscura_ i'm cleaning as well.  
@frederickvan noooo. i love my camera. plus i just got it in feb. thanks for the link 
let's go #yankees! field level lf corner today. camera at home  
@kennethcold yo i forgot to give you your camera  
ftswindle =/ @rehes @kennethcold yo i forgot to give you your camera  
@howaiman my friend took them on his camera. it's too late now b/c he's formatted his card like 7 times since last night.  
my camera has some problem that's causing a line to appear at the bottom of all my pics. wish i'd known this b4 taking 500+ at wedding.  
the video heads on my camera are dirty 
@kingoushka no pix  said no cameras on the tickets so we didnt take 1 but then evry1 had 1 we were ticked couldnt go get it out of car 
set my camera strap on dire with a candle  stupid candlelit dinner  
tt__tt i just realized i don't have my camera on me. i must capture this moment with tablo. how could i forget my camera?!? so not me...  
lost and found lost nikon coolpix s210 - bay to breakers  (usf / panhandle): i lost my camera a.. http://tinyurl.com/q2k7vz 
i have dslr camera envy.  and now is an especially bad time for me to be coveting such expensive toys.  
think i messed up my camera... got it all wet  hope all my pics were saved! won't know till i charge it and it drys out! 
@jazmine_kay hmmm might put up bettrpic ofme when i fix my camera  too many kodak moments/happy snaps! we should catch up sometime! xdddd 
@shaunjumpnow aww how cute xd i wanted foto wif u but my sis broke da camera on sat  
i've lost my camera!  
@ladonnaelza no pics. yes i know i'm sry. what were we thinking?! i didntveven take my camera  
i found the most perfect camera strap... for $70  
ohhhh first sewerage and now ive got buttons playing up on one of the cameras  what a week ime having! 
lots to do today - and still mourning the death of my camera  
@krishgm i've just found out that my new camera has been obsoleted. it's always the same...  
forgot to take my camera to school  
macbook = no new camera  i hope the company pay the half of the computer... lol 
@glyn_e i'd get a ipod touch or iphone if they had 3.2mp camera's as that's one of the main features i used on my k800i. n95 don't cut it  
gotta trust some dude to poke cameras in my knee tomorrow...sort me out please my friend!! i wanna kick a ball again  
nooooooooo! the camera shop i was going to visit has disappeared! kp professional in cambridge appears to be no more  
@mangopowergirl hooray for the new sx-70! so sad about the camera store closing  
couldn't get my camera to load fast enough. so didn't get a picture of the turkeys.  it was a strange and amazing sight. 
not dead yet. sd reader in laptop can see content of camera card. just going to take an hour to transfer to the video editing workstation  
something is wrong with my digital camera  
awesome! pic @bobbypens@theomarshow i couldn't use twit pic  but i got a lot of good pics on my camera http://twitpic.com/5evp6 
managed to expose the whole of my 120 film from the brownie camera 
i'm truly jealous of teryn's new camera.  
@iamstesha aw shucks. i can't make videos. no more camera.  *sobs* ah well. 
soooo sean . attempted to take photo of just me :] but failed cos my cameras dead  
nighty night everybody! i have to get up early to go see my sister before she has to have a camera shoved down her throat. poor baby  
@mgiraudofficial sounds great! no cameras?  we'd love to see too!! who is &quot;them&quot;? you're the best 
@ laz the sandwich lover. you never brought me the camera  
i'm such a dumbass! i forgot my camera  
i want my camera back  
@reece_handley just a sony cyber shot... my old camera got stolen a few months ago  
 my camera broke today.. so upset! but i am sending it to fix. so i really hope they can fix it before next week or so d:! 
thinking if library doesn't have a digital camera i may have to run home for mine and forego my great parking spot  
when i use the app camerabag my iphone always crashes  anyone any idea why? 
my camera is missing after me just getting it back so unfair not happy  
my camera died and i fucking need it for school and other stuff. and i lost the receipt so i cant even get it fixed  
@dzhimbo can't find camera charger &amp; phone camera is crap  
had dinner last night at a great place in west van (vip's kitchen) but i'm a bad food blogger...forgot my camera.  
i dropped my new camera 
@jameskingsley i'll do my best! but i dont have my camera  
@bwsewell .. maybe by the next decade when i finally buy my own camera?..  
but thery can pay for ink and paper to capture a murder on camera and print for the world to see. god bless that babys soul!  she can burn 
can't find my camera  
bummer. my longtime video camera/companion looks like it's on its last leg. i don't know if this one's coming back from the dead.  
sports setting on my camera is hawt 
for the first time in months i have a freshly formatted memory card in my camera--but no free time to shoot!  
my stoopid camera want upload my stoopid blog pictures  
i feel lonely without my camera  
@inevergrewup officially lost my flip video camera at the orlando airport. so totally bummed i could shoot myself!  
http://twitpic.com/61eyq - car's clean (my karcher is broken  ready for my tassie trip - now just gotta load the camera gear!  just l ... 
@jeremyredmore soooooo gorgeous right??? i wish i had my camera  
@msmhandi bummer about your camera  bend was amazing! we laid in the sun 
@b0redmel yea the man touched your camera haha no petting  okay next time we will do it! together!!! 
@ thatcameraguy  i am sorry. did you take something? 
@ thatcameraguy ok 
just finished a playthrough of portal. missed 7 cameras of 33 total. damn  
@fletcherfashion i took it off because roomie has my camera card  
won't have a working camera for the picnic this weekend  although 
 seller flaked on a camera 
i lost my  camera  
getting ready for a awesome show [= i miss my camera lomo  
is sad cause she cant find her camera charger for tomorrow  
i wish i was a guru    i might just ask for a good camera for my grad present!  goooood  i d e a ! 
after the shocking incident with my camera 
home from ice cream tweet-up (my very first tweet-up!) no pics because my camera battery died last night and i forgot to charge it  
need a camera blower.. my camera censor is dirteeh..  
@mimiwinfrey i wish i could find my camera cause i really wanna record some too...  
http://twitpic.com/4sx96 - before they put a camera in the smokers pit.  i can no longer vandalize that door 
i need to get my friggin cameras cleand asap !!  
cant take photos of darling harbour fireworks cause its raining  carried all my camera gear to work for nothing #fb 
by the time we got back up to grizzly peak with cameras to capture the sea of fog we were above 
@billyraycyrus please get a cell phone with a better camera on it... your pictures are real bad quality compared to those that miley took  
http://twitpic.com/66ltb - finito~! hunk ah hunk of burning love! i do believe my camera phone is stuffed. stupid blurryness  
i really want a camera!  
 didn't bring connector for camera on trip...saving new photos will have to wait another week... 
@xxscarletbxx i think that may look a little silly -.- also my camera is broken so no photo  
it's 8a and i'm already dressed  but we're on set today so let the real fun begin!!! lights! camera! action! 
@myhaloromance my camera is brokennn  
@freecitysoul my film didn't come out  the camera was broken. lamesauce. 
asks: did anyone possibly get a photo of me receiving my diploma? dad's camera died right at that moment.  
home from taking nick home - a little lighter in pocket after being flashed by a speed camera  
@missjo_jo i took pics but i cant find my camera chord to upload them  my cell phone doesnt do justice. it feels like nothings on 
i want to shoot viva hate... this is only the second time since i got my new camera i've had a chance 
my new camera... http://tinyurl.com/l8pde3 ... rip my hot pink polaroid i733  
@chacesmithphoto will do! i may just have to keep it on my shelf with the rest of my old cameras  
very sad that my camera is in the hands of the geek squad. 2-3 weeks!  
@rohonhdnet why do you guys use camera angles that make it look like there are only 200 people in the building?  
@fionakyle didn't have my camera with me  totally regretting it now! 
@jenxstudios it's like 20 bucks for 10 shots  what kind of camera do you have? 
so bored without a camera  
moving: nothing accessible. camera broken 
@turnitgrey i left mine in music...i think i don't have a camera anymore  
i can't find my camera  
my camera's being a doucheeee 
ended up face to face with a bear on 181 driving home this evening.  sadly he took off into the woods before i hauled out my cameraphone  
i'll probably have better photos up later today. took some picks with my big camera too. camera phone = blury camera  
riley had an alphabet fashion show today and i forgot my camera.  it was so cute! 
phone died&amp;camera is in my car which i lent2someone... craptastic! won't have a camera4battle of bands tmrw.  maybe buy disposable? 
with my besdfran (: work tomorrow  gaaaaaah . i got a new camera for graduation ... but i dont get it until graduation hahaha fak 
i think i fucked my camera up the battery cartrage opened while the lens was going back in and now the lens is stuck  trying to fix it 
now i wish my camera was better  
is anyone not busy tomorrow and is able to lend me a digital camera? i need one asap.  
my camera has no more battery 
cannot find her camera   
fucking forgot her camera! she could have uploaded long overdue pics!  
@kessler flickr pro accounts are nice. too bad my camera broke a couple months ago  
@rachelstarlive @richyroe has a flip minohd. we are gonna sneak that in for videos. apparently they don't allow video cameras only pics.  
@danielho no you don't. they're not good. we couldn't find the camera.  maybe i'll load a few tomorrow 
@vintagepolka awww. i totally would!! but they aren't letting cameras backstage or into the pre-party or anything!  
@robromoni john needs to find his backbone and lay kate out on camera..seriously. his bitchassedness is painful for me to watch  
feeling bummed that someone stole my camera  
bought a 200 dollar camera today. what a rip off. it doesnt even work!!  so sad  
ughhhh i can't find my camera.  
omg wallace &amp; gromit game sucks. controls and camera is wonky. game moves too slow. not very interesting  
where is my cameraaaa?  
morning.. ma family woke me  up at 9  charging my camera 
had a grumpy cameraman for the trailer shoot  
god i miss my camera  
to the post office to return my broken digital camera  hope they can fixx it 
@pictureyourlife thanks! &amp; sorry about the camera...that's a bummer  
wishes i could find my camera cord thing to upload my picks of one night stand on to my comp  
i can not get the pictures i want! partly the camera is smarter than me. also 
@mgglove thx! it's my camera gr digital ii. shutter button doesnt work well recently.  
i am sad... my camera is not working  
just found out that th camera is not coming just yet.  
@flavia1334 thanks!  i am taking a camera and whatnot - i will update you when i get back.  no twitter on my phone yet  
my camera died on me.  
technology hates me  now i have no computer and no camera 
my camera is taping but no internet for streaming.  #fbmia 
just back from st andrews botanic garden...forgot to take my camera 
i broke my little camera tonight  
it kills me  that i don't have the time to use my new camera what a waste of $700  
i have parked and have also realized i forgot my camera. sad  #wordcamp 
my camera ran out of power  
figures... one day i don't have my camera and the lancaster flies right overhead slowly at ~200ft  
@rachiegeigie he got there right before he played and hid in his room.  we left after like 4 songs and saw camera obscura...no dice  
@lipodoc got both of my bracelets you gave me too  and a digital camera and various other odd items. 
 my istockphoto application was denied....they considered one image to be over processed even though it was straight from the camera 
in vegas for animal collective at the house of blues.  no cameras allowed  
i wish i could find my camera  
sad and empty photo album  - btw this is starting tomorrow cause my camera isn't charged! and tomorrows pic will prob be my books :s 
@katebuckjr what? my camera  okay fine u can get away with it 
my camera's lcd backlight is out again. i tried smacking my camera a few times to get it back on 
oh no!  totally gutted! my camera is officially broken 
i want a new camera. but this one is only 1 yr old.  
http://matsj.net - 2 new photos.. my camera don't work.. err 99  #canonfail 
rawr! why would pictures disappear off my camera if i didn't delete them and no one else touched my camera? all my birthday pics are gone  
where is my camera?  
@kawehdashti can't  got no camera here..or how to connect my phone to the computer 
@littlemissdx i missed jeff/cameraman. i don't know how 
looking for a new camera!! my old one got sand in it and it dosnt work anymore  
just missed a classic photo shot by a split second because of the iphone's painfully slow camera startup delay  
wish i was going to camera obscura tonight.  too much to do  
i lost my usb wire after i found my cameraa  
@sufisammy u got some good pics! my camera broked 5 min bfor the show strted!!! my cousin was siting abit far so his pics wasnt so good..  
dammit my camera has no batteries.  
my bb camera has to get fixed on monday  fffffffuuuuuu mom 
@uglygerbil nope just the program that came with my camera...can't afford photoshop  i don't know what a stroke is - is it a border? 
@malackey nope didn't format anything. turned my camera on last night to take doggie pics and the bday pics weren't on the card at all  
going out for meal tomowah .. bloody camera dont work  
for some reason i had myself convinced that my new iphone app pro camera was better then the original camera. it's basically the same  
i feel really bad... turns out that i some how manage to delete all her photos on her camera from when she went ti aussie for her 21st!  
@camerarec so it's actually cheaper to buy on .com that .co.uk!  
@kimboyee @kreativeham  you guys needa get better. hey shebag can i still borrow your camera to hk 
can't find my video camera i can not do more videos without a video camera  
i can't find the battery charger for my big girl camera  
why do i live my life holding my camera about 2 degrees off of the horizon? thank god for arbitrary image rotation.  
fml.. (f my lighting) ya i know not the &quot;normal&quot; way to state that but i seriously hate my lighting i want a camera!!!!!  
ugh i really want a new digital camera  
my camera is brokenz and not supported by vista  
@lizasperling excellent   so you don't have any camera to try it with?   
spent the last hour going crazy looking for the digital camera and myles had it all along! arrrgh!  
is off to grab a flight from stansted to glasgow - and still hasn't found her camera  bad times 
i need a new camera....  
i want my camera back  
wheres the damn camera when you need it?! &gt; how can i take a picture of the andy thinog mambo jambo i made  
enjoying the unbelievably stunning countryside of pa...although i can't take photos because my camera charger is at grandma's  
i need something that has good visibility in the window. my current camera is all dark and i have to guess where ppl r in dark settings  
@_andrew_g  i saw that on your flickr site! sad pic . .beautifully captured though. im amazed at the cameras u hav used!! 
i love my camera's &quot;flash&quot; it works as a flashlight. but i was leaving @johnlloydtaylor a myspace comment when the power went out  
http://twitpic.com/6bhne - stupid iphone camera makes my hair look oily  
my cell phone camera is broken.  
i sooo wish i woulda bought my camera to the roots concert  i woulda had dopeee shots!  damnit man!! 
i miss my camera  
just got home from disneyland. exhausted and annoyed that the fireworks got canceled... i had my camera too...  
i've decided i need a better camera. the bb just doesn't cut it.  
is scouting for a new camera... my nikon coolpix digicam just got broken (still wondering why.... )  
@bighobin dude cannot blieve i missed art show...did we send a camera 'cuz i hipped 'em to it...anyway...forgive me for not making it   
bugger! just killed my 2nd flip camera. i'm doomed with them 
i want a &quot;new&quot; polaroid camera. mine is broken  
@mousebudden interview. atleast a writtin part. from there well decide whether to take it to video....... smh n my nikon camera trippin  
i just dropped and broke my camera. whaaaaaaaaaaaaa   
i want to go out with my camera  
i am selling my camera  http://bit.ly/17tzra   i am now the saddest man on earth 
in search for a new camera with soft flash.. wish i didn't break my old one from asia. australia sucks &amp; so does my current camera  
ugh great i broke the camera on my phone too  fffffffffuuuuuuuuu- 
awake but can't drag my butt out of bed! i'm so tired from the wedding and yes i'm still crying because my beloved camera broke! boo hoo!  
at what once was huge camera show.now like a photography graveyard  
  my camera broke ! 
six flags was beast!! my camera doesnt work anymore though  makes me sad. but it was fun anyway(: 
i am really bored b/c i don't have the camera with me  
would be more in love with her ipod touch if it just had a camera 
i think i already have enough photos of salmon with pommery mustard to create a blog post -- sans camera  
need to send my kodak zi6 camera to kodak for repairs or a replacement. darn thing just hasn't worked correctly from day one.  
brought my camera but forgot to bring my cable to upload pictures...crap  
oh no! rafa was expecting to sign the camera. he literally doesn't know what it is to lose at the french! no pens. no signing.  
grr!!! looked at cannon cameras online for hours! they say it has my two worst cons ever; slow lag time and poor battery drainage. help!  
my camera did not survive our fourth night in vegas  
not happy about the fact that my camera may be broken  
another day on the dock...another day without bikes and cameras  
my knee is killing me! i did some run dives in front of a high speed hd camera. looks great 
still cannae find her camera.  
need to put a leash on my sony camera; can't find it anywhere  hope i didn't lose it 
great pics by ken/ @kyeung808 that i wish i had taken but #fail forgot my camera yesterday   flickr: http://bit.ly/ddesn 
@datatlantachick i cant find my camera..might have left i back home..  so i gotta wait till i find it 2 upload them.. 
cant even upload the videos on my flip camera because of the same prob   
@amazingphil my camera is dead  
craft show was a bust   time to post them on the website...i really need a better camera!! 
@powerwriter i talked with several of the reporters off camera; the scene was very sad and somber  
dead camera battery in ibiza  
...and it looks like the iphone's camera can't handle low light well at all  
-sniffles- stomach hurts  @spifffykiddox3 can i borrow your camera tomorrow ? 
my camera is backordered! ugh 
i'm looking for my camera. it's lost  
deperately need to photograph all of my recent stuff...aand i can't find my camera  
going out with my parents and i just got my camera back from my brother and he deleted my the world we live in video entry.  grrr. 
amazing weekend! i miss @littlemissiq @popgoesdacamera @aimzylolz so very much  
got my bagg backkk :]]] but someone stole my camera  people are so meannn!! 
@camerarec thanks.  i'll chalk up another vote.  i've been happy with my old canon sd450 
@kimtv too bad for the camera  my friend took some good pics and vid footage. will post it soon. tonight south rakkas crew at blue dog. 
oh how i miss having a camera....it mends my boredom  
@woodsmanhans no... cameras weren't allowed where i was at...  
&quot;to catch a predator&quot; is scary and funny all at the same time. but mostly scary. --smile ur on candid camera  
is sooo bummed because her camera's busted!  
i was playing with my brother's dsi camera and i realised that i have such a man face.  okay maybe not a man face but it sure isnt dainty. 
@nickletoots re: birds - keep forgetting to take my camera with me.  
today i managed to- break my phone; break my camera; destroy a dress; get a cold [it was like 25 degrees out!] and get a damn cold sore.  
my camera is on the fritz  i should buy a new one... 
have been neglecting my camera for the past 2 weeks  
@naheemadio what happened to u yesterday?  putting the camera in @phonz's hands led to disastrous results 
@polaroidcamera never look on that website. they have little butterflies and handbags  
arrived at home now. wanna service my camera  
can see i forgot to take my camera!  just as well i can find photos on the web! 
@xxpussy im saving and i hate it. i want a new camera though. but i want the dd stuff aswell.  fml 
oh: @xxpussy im saving and i hate it. i want a new camera though. but i want the dd stuff aswell.  fml http://tinyurl.com/mh3u6u 
@geekwithcamera i need a job  
@emmarossx i did :| a seen it today on my camera haah  
doc martens or new camera? why much i face such difficult choices in life  
does anyone have a camera i can borrow for 2 weeks to take on holiday? i dont own one  
forgot that i don't have to right camera with me here shit ! can't do the vid for nikkie  
think i broke my camera guys  
@thewinator when i want to take a picture the camera makes a different noise and then i got an &quot;error 99&quot;  
angie decides to have her baby on wed and i have no camera  http://myloc.me/2gnv 
can't find my camera... think it's in the car... which is @ work with hubby!  
is cleaning out her car in hopes of finding her missing camera.... so far nothing.  
@heatherbrewer i is gonna cry. my computer/camera hate me. i've been trying to upload my pic for the contest since yesterday morning.  ugh 
@jiznakefoo most video cameras are on firewire too...  
@mrsflea sorry to hear about your camera  but if you are looking for a new one 
i'm tripping.  i need a camera but i don't have the money to just buy a new one  http://myloc.me/2hcv 
my camera died just in time for the hukilau and a 2 wk road trip.  
yea tony hawk! boo my camera hating bright red light.  
i want a profissional camera  give me one? 
@seanjday i wish i could but my camera is in pieces  
im back down to 70 followers  still dont want an xbox and camera controlls sound crap. #e3 
@farez i'm too broke to get a bike and a camera at the same time. what am i going to do farez?  
is electronically cursed: camera's toast 
dude.. freakin horror scene.i was smoking in the stairs n the lights closed automatically.pitch black.. spooky man n i dont have a camera  
all my camera &amp;&amp; video equipment got stolen last weekend ... i'm crying behind the tearz (  
favorite website is giving away some camera obscura tix for the fillmore here -  http://bit.ly/kdk6b - they say i can't win all the tix  
bored outta my mind. i wish i found my camera  
@thatcameraguy aww i'm sorry.  
online waiting for ubisoft press conference. assassin's creed 2 maybe? e3 security won't let anyone besides press use cameras until day 3  
cheryl loved my banners but camera fcked up so not got it on film  anyone got vids of waiting &amp; the start of rolling back the rivers?? 
crappy camera work for the motogp...  
@zorkor hmmm.. it has a very bad camera?  
lost mark's camera with some of the honeymoon pictures?!?!?  
thinks view camera sucks... help me  
@foyble camera atleast a year off as dev kits just been sent out  really want the camera 
@cataractmoon if only we had a video camera  
i really can't decide if i want to get a video camera or not  
@nikkie20six i would if i was around my camera  
i know and i didn't have my camera to record.   
camera (on my bb) went of in front of a guys crotch  sooo embarrassed! 
@aknacer other than disposables and cell phone cameras that is  
i thought i fix that camera but in some case i made it worse than before t_t  
@igortizz thinking? well either way have fun with that !  lol ~ it seems as my camera won't upload  
@massagemichael lol! i don't have a camera to take a pic and my work cell doesn't allow me to upload pics  not sure why 
@bevysmith jon &amp; kate + 8 kids already live that life. the cameras are all those babies know  
http://twitpic.com/6fwct - aw. i will miss my old camera  maybe i 
doing my digital camera research c which 1's  best out there..think i'm finally ovr last 1 breaking n losing 100's of pics (no mem card)  
i think i broke my camera  but i dont know. 
really want that dslr camera. i need it so badly....  
@xmalier i know  but at least now i can get my camera installation cd so i can do that stickam thing next time 
@iheartpreston was very glad i went ;)  forgot my camera though  
came back from kundasang... mt kinabalu is so lovely...but forgot my camera  
@mikabee1103 lol found her! i'm glad pro pictures got put up... no one had a camera  
spent three hours trying to figure out why the camera wasn't communicating with the computer... the cable wasn't plugged in properly.  
@chefpatrick no pics - they don't let you use phones or cameras on &quot;the lot&quot;.  oh well - i got a hat &amp; some memories! 
i broke my camera at the party  mannn! 
@keryje about 2 mins #blackberrystorm camera is amazingly slow  miss you too babes 
still cant get over losing my camera last night....i love photos and cant afford a new 1. plus everyone looked amazing last night  
@killaya aww that sucks.  i will compare survivalism from last year (old camera) to it this tour on my new cam... wow. o_o 
@stephanieibay i do. its been weeks since i've gone on a photo shoot... i need to get the shutter on my camera fixed though  
corrupted memory card in my camera =  
watching 'quarantine' cannot handle movies with handheld camera. i get car sick  
i wish my video camera was fixed  
@cameraboy56 i know! it's about 1/2 the price. not a bad lens 4 da $$s 
@shamazipan i would post a pic of them but the camera on my iphone doesn't work anymore  
now this is really cool: 29 amazing long exposure pictures - http://bit.ly/17pepv - need a better camera to do that  via @paulogabriel 
lights. camera. music. welcome back to jakarta  i miss the trip already. 
@tofurious oh how i wish i was in cali...i really need to learn some off camera lighting   
crap!!! camera i hate i hate you!!!  
@needsredbull sounds familiar. my digital camera was stolen when i was in spain 75% of the way into the trip. 300 photos lost  sorry. 
@whimsyandspice yikes!   what new camera did you get? 
am ajuns in camera mea 
ahh asda have stopped stocking the camera i wanted. very disappointing  
i own two identical polaroid cameras....and no film.  
@montana_22 i took 4 years of it and university butmy camera broke down  gotta find a new lens online tho... anyhow love your pic 
going to pick my battery pack up from @camerasdirect. shame my 14mm lens hasn't come in yet. it's been 3mths since i ordered it  
@joannaoh i dont have a camera phone right now  
crap. the time was off on my camera. now some of my pic of the day pics are messed up again.  
i can't find the chord for my camera.  
relaxing...not gonna happen much this week  but...hopefully getting my mac and camera!  yay ag productions 
my camera is kaput  
is thinking i really wish i knew where my camera was!!  
so sad that my polaroid camera is spoilt and i need to get a new one. i live my polaroid camera!!!  
@toxicast my camera broke  
is doing research for first video.....i give up showing myself on camera  
im low key glad i lost my camera 
@gorikain =( don't do that! she might install a camera 
my camera is broke  
shutter sticking. very thin white stripe down side of image. can't get it serviced until after fort bill. backup camera nailed too  
so upset now  something's wrong with my camera... i refuse to buy a new one 
@londicreations i went to take shots of the floss and dead camera  
@pixiepolaroid technically camera aren't allowed in the concerts  but still 
walked infront of the camera at channel 7  now watching state of origin  
oh no! the mic on my fuji camera hasn't captured the sound of primavera as well as i'd hoped  
@magpiesparkles your new camera makes you look great. goooood lip colour. is that the 54? its so bright on me 
@djpacd the same.... i wanna play with my new camera  
crap. just realized i left my camera on the plane. sad panda.  
@fireladysnail - the cameran-led conservatives are going to win the next election    let's try and get used to it... 
will be going to bed soon... still waiting for that darn camera!  should be coming in on friday! hopefully tomorrow! 
@lem238 i want a waterproof camera for my cruise!   
my excitement over my flip video camera was short lived as the editing software keeps giving me errors. no word from customer support  
i have to admit i'm a little nervous about making my sandwich in front of a camera  #oscarmayer 
@cameraboy56 oh noooo thats not good hope it gets better  
@johfloh no we didn't. we've forgotten the camera in the car  
no camera time for me...    got in trouble yesterday at school and detention after today!!! 
pissed i had a picture of my ex in my camera and i deleted it waz my good ol blackmail photo ugh no fun in thatnow  
f**k. now it's raining. now i'm going to be carrying 2 camera bags and an umbrella  
my camera is still broken  the stupid ppl still didn't send me the stuff to mail it to  
@nany710 i only have a crappy camera tho!!  can i see some of your photographs please? =] 
@nany710 i only have a crappy camera tho!!  can i see some of your photographs please? =] 
26hr bus ride stole my life it feels and my point&amp;shoot camera. luckily most pictures were downloaded. proof of salt flats are gone tho  
21 x 2 camera multi-clip dance routines edited in fcp with no timecode! only another 20 to go  
@philwalters £599  but then if you sell your old camera it comes down ? 
damn!! there was a bird sitting on the windowsill right next to me - by the time i'd grabbed the camera it was gone  
ok so my camera is out of battery  
@drschultz i was too slow to get out the camera and snap a pic  
my camera died i'm so upset  
bought a new digital camera... and realized it doesn't come with a memory card.  don't want to get back in my car.   
i gues i'l go shower and cool down  damn camera i hate you 
i can't find my camera  it's in one of these grown boxes. not sure which. i'll have to steal pics from @raquelita flickr stream again!! ;) 
@maggiebriteside i will. i had to give stephen back his camera  poo-head. but 
think my new camera is going to have to be returned  so pissed off 
@suizilla luckier than me hopefully. worst part was the fact that it was a really good camera.  
thinks she lost her camera at phebes.  didn't get to upload the pics of her students at the special olympics or the tasty wings... 
my video camera's battery will not charge anymore! i bought it online 
@theblackestsea yeah my old camera could handle the bass better.  but that's why i also have a camcorder! lol 
we are so far behind schedule for this wedding!!! and i left my camera at the hotel. guess my page won't have pics.  
puppies and camera equipment don't mix  my 50d and 70-200 f2.8 were pulled off the sideboard onto the wooden floor by our new pup.  arggh 
just saw a show by quinn's 1st grade class. it was great! so adorable! my video camera crapped out after 10 minutes (and it was charged)  
@shin_shan i have one on my camera 
we're in arkansas! at my grandparent's house celebrating my mom's birthday. i forgot my camera  
gotta make sure i take my camera everywhere now so i can show yall some of this stuff 
so sad i didn't have my camera while it was burning.  
i just lost my digital camera...  
@amirtedros you don't have a camera? filmmaker fail!  
camera died while trying to download all of my photos  guess i'll work on dinner while the battery charges.... 
paul did a mini photo shoot at eugene ... probably can't post pics until tomorrow ... can't find camera's usb cable  #at 
i need to get more @portabellopixie fabric!!  i made the farmer's market quilted camera strap slipcover 
@yasexy oh lol i wud make some but my damn camera broke  
looking for my camera charger  
i really just want my camera back.  this isn't fair at all. i have bad luck 
tried to get people to take pics of what they were doing during the twitter outage - but no one had a camera.  
http://twitpic.com/6q2c2 - check out this kick ass camera by dad brought home from work. it takes amazing pics. i wish i could keep it  
i am at cape buffalo's for my friend's bachelors party. i forgot to bring my camera.   
ahhh i still haven't bought glamour kills  i want it for my bday but i want nothing personal. and a camera d: bingung (again) 
the palm pre has a camera that doesn't record video !!!!  major turn down. 
wtf?!??? i just recorded a tutorial and my camera erased it  
man i need a camera bad  
i miss being on camera.  
i wish i had a handheld remote for my camera  
i wish i had my camera  
@geezushaberdash forgot his camera. so i couldnt put it on myspace.  
thinks its just her luck that it rains on the first day she gets her camera  
but the scene with the game show lady's camera &amp; the ghost running at her. asljdaljsd. scared me.  
@dazzlemethis stupid teenies  @turnitgrey start doin sexy poses fr th camera ha some playboy thing started folowing me ;) dream come true! 
@amywilliams99 sorry i couldn't get your camera fixed last night! i tried!  
had to leave my camera in the cloakro because it had a 'long lens'  
some great co-players though. wish i had taken my camera now  
some great cos-players though. wish i had taken my camera  
arianne has my mobile and camera. i really need them  
@cameraboi with what money dude? i wish i could...  
have woken up with a sore head &amp; tales of last night...mix of embarrassment and laughing! lost my camera though   
exceitement on new oxford st - hawk being harnagued by crows. no camera alas  
taking in luminous festival at darling harbour. brian eno magic! forgot my camera!  
hi hi sorry. i'll transfer photos from my camera tomorrow when i get the cable  i'll send them then if i have one x 
wide awake. so excited! going to coney island today with josh. wish i had a camera  i never realized how much i loved my camera until now 
@mina_version no camera and a broken phone? :o - you're in hell 
is so sad that i broke my camera last night  
just bought myself an amazing light filter and tripod for my camera == and a romanian language book! buna 
so who's taking the new camera for it's first outing?  i'll give you a hint.  it's not me.   
@tamyt_xx i have the pro camera but not the huge zoom!!  
@jasondeehr i'm jealous!!! my camera quit working a couple months ago  
@anthonyricardo awwww that sucks  all that camera stuff is madddd expensive! 
@jmebbk yeh me too. i once saw a drunk dude asleep on the street and somebody had sprayed wanker with an arrow pointing at him. no camera  
@webdesigner2 lol im not in that pic!!! im the camera man  
#dirtysecret about p&amp;s cameras: small sensor (1/5 size found in dslr) + mega pixels (in excess of 6-8mp) == noisy pixels even @ iso 100!  
tried my old canon photoshot a70 yet again but it is dead  think i might need a new camera... oh look... birthday's coming!  
having completed the task set for it- my camera has now packed up and died  
i lost my cord for my digital camera. everyone please look for it  
just had a dove on my ceiling fan on the back porch.  have never seen that happen before.  got my camera but spooked it away!  
@albertart wow doesn't work with tablets/wiimotes anymore  the camera interprets the coordinates really badly 
@lydiaogle the no camera rules were old. everybody had a camera.  
ohhhh nooooo! i don't know where my camera is!  
@dplante23 as soon as i can! been lost building my g-rated empire :-p plus i broke my camera the other day  
won't be getting my fucking camera until wednesday.  
my old point and shoot camera seems to not work as well as it used to. i'm sorry for dropping you.  arg 
not having a camera makes me sad. the sky and the light are beautiful right now 
i need film for my polaroid camera  why did they have to discontinue? 
@officialbb oh come on bb is it worth having cameras on the housemates 24/7 if we can't watch them  a few hours late @ night is not good! 
@cracksauce i was testing out the camera  
somebody broke my camera!!!  http://post.ly/lrt 
sent away my slr camera for repairs  it'll give me a chance to catch up on processing and uploading 
new digital camera taking blurry photos 
cameraless til wednesday  getting my sensor cleaned 
i wish i had my camera back  now i can't be a badass photographer anymore. 
ahh!! camera obscura   no way to seattle. show isn't until 8 though 
nothing more frustrating than looking for a camera charger and knowing deep down that it's gone forever  
@redmamba do let us know when you've uploaded to flickr?  my iphone shots were truly pants. epic fail on the iphone camera front.  
18 days until 'minor play dublin then metro station 4/5 days later going to be great! though no cameras allowed when seeing metro station  
my video camera is borked  
i wish my iphone camera was working  
@clauds eh? so why a new camera? wouldn't your old camera serve you well? and yeah... i don't know if your omnia would have a high value.  
just got to chat with @shiralazar on camera! aww yeah! poor girl is flying in and out of banff in less than 24hrs  
@agentlashes i'll keep you posted on everything! no camera though  maybe sparky will bring hers 
12seconds - my toy camera 
i think i just died a little and not only that but i deleted them from my camera too..... ahhhhhhh my heart hurts  
ugh my camera died right after i took my last pic...now i have to wait to recharge before i can post new stuff  what. a. drag. 
@tiwaworks with what? no cam phone and my real camera has been missing for two weeks now  
@puchicho lulz. project natals gonna be great because we all know how well cameras work if you're a girl on the internet...  ./e-stalk ftl 
i wanna talk to the camera  i'll wait for you oratory!!! lol 
i wanna talk to the camera  i'll wait for you oratory!!! lol ps: chilitooooo te amoroooo!!! se viene con bolivia el miércoles!! eaeaeaea 
i'm too indecisive!!! i want a camera 
why is flickr looking all weird? looking at double exposure film photos. i want a film camera. someone make it happen?  
ahh i cant find my camera chargerrr.  
i'm listening to jp dellacamera's play by play for the soccer game...i miss darren elliot and him   can't wait for thrashers hockey!! 
's digital camera is on its way out.  
camera talk x: and the same thing that makes you happy also hurts you. tell me about it  
my camera only lets me take a video for about 3 minutes so i had to hurry with it  #yatrivia 
follow @marieluv cuz shes real!! she puts out on camera and shes smokin one without me  
http://twitpic.com/6t0ip - @garrymcshane @milomarnes @ryanhayden 04.17.09  [my shitty camera quality] 
boo hoo!!! i didn't bring khaleil (camera) with me last night..  
on ramsey st  thats so rad! dropped my camera  
the show was pretty awesome.  my camera ran out of batteries right as wpf started though  
on youtube.. and i need a camera!! to record a video!! me and my friend r bored!!  
has anyone had their camera on their mac just stop working?? mine just gives me a black screen 
@abctinyjonas but if u dont have the camera with you 
@javathecat ....i already would have if my mom's camera hadn't broke and now she can't take a picture of me.  
crazy awesome grad party. lost my camera tho  
took apart my phone to remove dust under the camera lens cover when i have more important things to do. i only have 2 pages  
@juhariis does camera have an option to reset to factory config? might be worth trying. if a hardware issue 
http://twitpic.com/6tc2w - my friends &amp; i.. moments before we all got busted for having a camera at school  
fuck! i deleted all the pictures  from our camera.... again  
@cuppie_cake haha yeah the 8900 flash is bright great camera my lights stuck on at the moment  
@nkotbgadget i wanted to update you guys through the show but my camera battery died  
lady coming over this morning who is making a film about whiteknights trail. v.nervous. rubbish at interviews in front of a camera  
can't believe i lost my camera! oh well i could of lost something worse i guess!  
@andi86 yay!!! i dropped mine last sun &amp; it has a few war wounds  i hope the camera is better! 
tour de brooklyn today! its too bad no one has a camera  enjoy the beautiful weather everyone! 
going to marshall illinois and i forgot my camera...  
i want that camera  
my camera finally broke  ugh 
@sridgway yeh but - lost my ^%$%^ camera  hoping someone will hand it in...... 
@camera_obscura @andrev they..look..so..damn..comfy..and..so..damn..cute  taze me now 
@errnbbtt i couldn't find my camera cable before i left so pics are going to have to wait till i get home  but i am taking a ton! 
lost my camera last night.... all my cherished photos...gone  
@glebe2037  have you taken any of the opera house sails yet?  i tried last night with my little camera but didn't turn out too well.  
@usmcwife8999 @whiskey_kitten no definitely not boring.  i need a better camera  
can't find my camera lead  
@thelonelygnome too bad my camera has no hope of being able to capture a good photo of it  
i am about 99% sure that i just killed the new digital camera my parents got me yesterday  
why did jb have to notice the camera when they were getting changed??  
i have a brick of a phone that has a black and white screen and no camera!! while mines is in for repairs  
@library_clg it didn't happen. i tried it and it just turned black. i can't find my camera 
@rawrmellysaur.. technically i have a very good camera 
fujifilm quick snap underwater camera 
 i can't use the camera 
completely depressed that i cannot get my cameras to work  grrrrrr 
@thelemicwaves it was really a calf. so cute but i did not have my camera on me  
i just got back from clinbing contest. forgot my camera.......  so no pictures  (stuppid me!!!) 
i just got back from climbing contest. forgot my camera.......  so no pictures  (stuppid me!!!) 
fwk my camera won't work! no developers diary today 
brought the boys to a petting zoo and i dont have my camera  
what a beaultiful sunday. =]  to bad i don't have batteries for my camera.  
debating stopping http://steveisaacs.tv.  another camera? i don't know if i can go through all this again  
@alee_x i wanted to but i didn't  i was going to take a picture but my camera broke and my cellphone didn't have charge to take a pic 
i need a cameraman to help me with setting up the lighting on my lil sony webbie  
@nicwilko your going to kill me... i forgot my digital camera only a disposible  good day at whatever comics? 
@steveisaacs awww... sorry to hear about the filched camera.  as long as *you're* okay 
too many drops has had its toll: iphone camera broken  
@twosteppinant they took my camera away upon entrance.  
idk what imma do without my camera  
@youngq i had a great time talking w/u last nt.  hopefully we will get our pic 2gether @ the detroit show since our camera bat went out  
played #thesims3 today. it was really interesting! the camera angles are annoying 
@nathalienl that's so cool! my camera's only got 5 megapixel 
school tomorrow and get to see everyone . lost my bloody camera though  
@foxyma2k9  i know! its super duper old! sadness! no camera?! &lt;-do they still make phones w/ no camera?!  but i love tmobile! lol 
can't wait for britney on thursday   but my camera has died   just my bloody luck! 
my camera broke  
i was gonna twitpic one but my camera battery is dead..and its 2 blurry on the sidekick camera  
going to look online for a new camera i dont think i have enough money  
just found out that my new blackberry hasnt got a camera !  ow well. i need starbyysss; i am addicted  
iphone predictions made by @gruber make no mention of a front-facing video camera  http://bit.ly/zchgi 
great party last night. broke my dads camera though  
bf dropped his camera in the stingray pool. he is very upset. i feel sad for him  
lost my camera  brand new camera.... this sucks!!!!  &gt;: p 
@themightysan how do i change the from above camera angle?  
i have over 32 pages of favorites on flickr.  it's killing me not to have my own darn camera  
camera died after the intermission.  
i need to take a picture of myself and put it on here. its so unfortunate that the camera i have is useless  
@sfinn33 i woulda but my phone makes a camera noise when i take pics 
the staff from @lakers is trying to make me go back to my car to return my camera. nooo.  
im really hoping some kind person returns my camera i left n the cab yesterday  
 my camera is acting stupid...cant upload my picture! x0 
i want to do obscure things in front of a camera today 
just finished making a new set of brown shaded needle felted ball beads!  no pics though cause camera batteries are dead  
@ssayer yep! unfortunately i dropped my camera in a pool of it's blood.  
@spellingman c bus... are you headed to epcot? if you have a camera phone 
alot of work to do today. shopping for more camera gear will have to wait till next weekend i think.  
@lookinlikdanger i wish! 1st time but i hear they are only 30 sec. long with groups of 10 girls! no cameras or autographs allowed!  
@debvafod that night was soooooo cold and the camera didn't like the cold one bit...that's why the photo is bad  but it's the only 1 w/me 
doesnt start till 11!!!!!! no cameras allowed  
i really hope @jatheree camera comes up. we took so many great pictures lastnight.   i  ill be so sad if someone took it  
i think my camera is b roken  #tragedy 
heading back home from six flags- without my camera  
@roial1 oh no your camera! i would be devastated!  if u get another one ur tripod will still be here waiting 4 u.... 
i wish i had a better camera!  
@dannytrs find me a camera guy who will show up  
@krismac24 yeah me too! we need faster cameras! lol so disappointed that we couldn't get any video  
spent the last few hours looking at polaroid cameras and film. haha. &quot;graduation&quot; tomorrow.  
@mrkingalexxx it on here lol.glad you're having fun boo and sorry about the camera  
it's about that time... to look for a new camera!  congradulations winner to the last camera that got stollen! have fun! 
lost my camera cable... it must be so scared and alone  
@kissless i use screencamera 
@arjunghosh @bassyc @creativewolf @ranjansaras @shilps31 @kazarelth @rohitsonika @arjunghosh @thecamerawala @burbleon it's my gf's bday  
i don't think i charged the camera long enough still. sorry 
my digital camera died  other than that nothing much is happening. 
mad i lost my digital camera  
@sazp oh god that reminds me.. i havent checked my grandpa's digital camera  he had a very similar sense of humour though! 
apologies from my camera phone  it has toothpaste in it  ohhh i don't even knowwww 
in the studio..setting up drums. lost my camera  
i cannot find my goddamn camera. where is it?  
i need a new camera  
@thisisrobthomas the first pic is right before u grabbed my camera that night i can't find the pic you took  
back from morocco. it was a lot of fun but 100 of my pictures got deleted from my camera. now i only have about 45 or so. sooo upset!!  
@heynadine enter me into your #winfreewebcams.  i personally do not own one because of money troubles.  i have to you my digital camera  
i keep on getting drawn in by amazing prices only to find the camera is body only...  
@bbcweathernorth disappointing so far in coanwood. one small flash this am. 3 good rumbles of thunder. camera poised - no drama  
i brought my camera with me so hopefully i´ll tweet some pics later. forgot the computercable though  
need camera advice on my blackberry.  
i can't find my camera.  
i want a 3gs too.. but i'm angry that they would release a new phone when all the previous owners aren't eligible yet  i want that camera! 
camera 
i'm gonnna buy a new camera 
i would have gotten pics of when danny brought his kids up and when donnie brought elijah up but my camera's battery had died earlier  
@tocupidwithlove beh hari tu aku dah calar camera die 
i took a picture with @mattfazzi but i guess it didn't come out...it's not on the camera  
sorry for the absence i was hiking all day yesterday. no pics i dropped my camera  
@muirsusan i pray kimberly is better today.  god hugs you both.  camera wasn't lost 
@muirsusan i pray kimberly is better today.  god hugs you both.  camera wasn't lost 
i have so many hilarious ideas for youtube videos but i need a camera. once i get a camera i feel like my vids will be rejected by fans.   
uh oh....idk if you can tell but i cracked my camera screen  http://twitpic.com/7gz7v 
it would be very awesome of the 5mp camera on the e72 had carl zeiss lens...i doubt it will though.  
would love to see camera obscura and get some free pizza at waterloo. too bad i have a meeting.  
definately just heard his camera fall off the shelf  
can't find her camera  
i want a underwater camera  
i wanna go to the camera obscura show.  
want to get camera like this  http://bit.ly/f8vxb but would even settle for this  http://bit.ly/15dcl3 but i can't even afford that one  
camera offically gone dumped contents of my dance bag on my bed &amp; in addition 2 finding randum stuff i now have 2 wash my fave sheets  
uh what happened to my background? no one has access to this computer but me+i was out shopping+it changed. off to give back my camera  
@shindotv yes!! i always have my camera.. nothing exciting happens. the day i forget/decide not to carry it 
i had a dream that i found all new camera equipment in a field. 4.5mm sigma fisheye 
@mimryan sounds brilliant! pics on fb?? or still no camera? don't think me and mum are going to get over in aug now  x 
the sun shining through tank1 into tank2 is making amazing rainbows. i wish i could catch them on camera but they just don't seem to show  
time setting on my of my camera bodies was off by an hr 
i just don't feel good today  but i'm going camera shopping which is amazing 
@emilyanne1437 hey lady! thx for the earlier tweet. i made it safe and sound. no pics though because no camera.  
omg! my photos on my camera just got wiped!   
uhg having trouble deciding. i want a kindle but i want a new camera. i could buy either right now.. if only i had another $400  
i miss having a camera 
shit shit shit! i dropped my camera and it broke! i just filmed a video on it too  and my dad is pissed cause its the 3rd camera ive broke 
woah!!!! have i even seen a more amazing sunset with my own eyes? where is my camera?!!  
@belleann someone took or stole my silver camera you used cuz its not in my bag anymore  im' so friggin pissed! 
@levelten_colin i set it to pull off the camera  screwed up 
urggg... camera's not co-operating with uploading photos for the site  
nooooooooooo!!! i accidently deleted my fav picture off my camera!!  now i'll never get it back! fuckkkk! 
ugh i want a digital camera so badly  
needs a new phone. needs a camera. needs money  
no camera 11 please don't break! we have no money to fix you!!  
aiiieeeee (in a sad way) i lost my camera!  im sad now.... 
@mitchelmusso s cd signing and my camera doesnt work and they wudn't let my friends in  
i've lost the charger for my little camera  
so happy to see my boys playing with their cousins ..... too bad i forgot my camera  
my camera is broken   who wants to buy me a new one? 
just found our my camera's clock if off by several days. i don't know how many pictures have the wrong date and time  
@schnicker its incredibly cold tho. i'd be enjoying it more if we were going up the mountain...but it is very pretty. left camera at home  
should have brought back up camera batteries...  
me and my camera and its batteries and battery charger are all in a fight...  i cant figure out whats wrong with them. 
having a phone without a camera 
r.i.p. camera i will never forget you  
@christoferdrew the only down side of your shows are the high-pitch screams. ir hurts my ears as much as camera flashes hurt yours..  
received my fisher price toy camera today....but i can't fire it up because i don't have aaa batteries.   who uses aaas anyway? 
bah. stupid camera saturates me too much  looking for stronger lights! xd 
sad i lost my camera  ..chillin with miranda for the night. 
i lost my camera :'( i wz gana take pictures  now my fun is ruined... 
@jordanknight noooooo! my son was playing with my camera and erased all 467 pics from the shows i went to. i think i'm gonna die  
@_crc_ my son just erased all my pics from my camera from 2 shows all 467 of them gone  
been a crazy day. no time for tweeting   had fun yesterday tho making a video for my biz w/ my 13 yo hockey player as cameraman! 
@valerieadell good camera is still mia. no lightning pics.  
can't find my camera! i'm so paranoid right now  
is very distraught. her camera might have met its end.  
enjoying the nice 64f weather in sf n watching the angels vs the giants  i wish i had my camera tho   http://twitpic.com/7ikxe 
camera place was closed  poo! 
@samicappola no. cause my camera just broke. again. garrrr!  kben :] 
needs help.  my camera wont focus.  ive tried both lenses i own and they will not auto focus.  i have a canon digital rebel.  help??? 
hates his voice played back on camera  
the book i was reading and my camera are all wet  
@syazanaa i had the same camera but it got stolen when i was moving out from cyberia  are the new batteries you bought rechargeable? 
broke my pops camera 
not feeling the fun in crane wars like i did in previous @blurst games. the camera is a real annoyance.  
my iphone camera is broken.  
it appears the sun is actually starting to rise.above the water is pink &amp; dark blue with white clouds &amp; stars. i left my camera @ bro's.  
new computer = no new camera.   
brandy @ san jose pride festival montage of her songs ... http://tr.im/odnn ~~~&gt; bad camera work  sry! 
@aiyerchitra nooooooo!!! not nikon... becuase i have a poor man's camera model... that's why...  
why the hell did i decide to take the camera off the tripod during that part? ugh shaky cam  and the other camera had a bad angle  
for camera-aficionados  
awww man~ i knew i forgot something. i forgot my camera for tonight's jap buffet spread dinner w friends!!  wanna snap all the good food. 
don't remember when i started thinking spending so much money on so much crap became ok. i need to buy film for my new analog camera.  
relaxing in my room while my pics from today download off my camera. amazed that my body is still on et only 2a here and ready for sleep  
is sgmummy. just came back from our nature outing!!! great but my camera never charge 
i cant find my cameraaa d:  
@rgb3808 i wish i had an iphone.  just found out today that the university insurance is reimbursing my stolen camera. yippie! 
@laurennnyo i got some but likeeee. not many lol and my brother hid his camera so i only took my phone  
i miss my camera  i hope it can be fixed... 
a camera crew tried to interview me today as i was crossing pkin.  all i could say was przepraszam nie rozumiem po polsku  
@kayrii hahah maybe. my camera's kinda screwed up soo.... yeah.  sowwi. 
just watching my videos from the jonas brothers show ! i hate my camera for not having enough battery !!!!! i couldn't filmed &quot;sos&quot; !  
i reeeeeeeeeally want a new camera  but its £199. it'll have to wait til july pay day... wish i didn't do a grand online shop now! he he 
lost the charger and spare battery to my nikon camera  why is a new charger so fuc*ing expensive?!? 
upset about this new iphone3gs. i will have 3 megapix camera w/focus 
i'm sad....the camera i looked at is out of stock at reliable places. ...  
@mitzs i like the camera so far.  haven't gotten to play much with it though  #squarespace 
@mycameraandi maybe. anyway 
feeling guilty that i don't have my ttic available to post   sorry girls!  camera locked away in gym bag - will get it this afternoon! 
they didnt have my camera  now off to cookeville 
okay.... so i had a little camera bag thing that had money in 
just saw a baby fox trotting right down the middle of our road calm as could be. did i have a camera? of course not.  
watched a hummingbird have a bath earlier.   no camera on me at the time  
@tweetphoto i lost my phone and didn't bring my camera. i'm so sad.  
my camera is broken! what should i do?  
first day of shooting fantasy factory season 2! maybe i'll get to talk on camera this season  
@dogwinters it only lasted 3 days  always going to be tough getting away with taking your camera into the bog. i know 
hardcore camera shopping...lots of post-grad/real world (wait what?) memories to capture and with brooke in oh  no more camera sharing... 
$140 to fix my camera. 4 weeks sans camera.  
@leotraynor it's funny how we take our cameras for granted 
damn so i just talked to frys too check the status about my camera and they said that i should have it back in 8 weeks  
@_sophiesoph you don't have a bank account?! wow. i just want a speedlite for my camera. super expensive  
than i asked them if they can lend me a camera and they said yes but it's a sorry camera! fml im leaving to las vegas in 3 weeks  
at work thinking about new iphone. to bad my company doesn't allow cell phones with cameras. ugh  
cause my camera is missing&amp;i had it sunday and my friend was using it and if she took any pics..  
@wildlifephotog k-mount. the only film camera that wasn't stolen when my flat was burgled.   can't decide which moody i am right now. 
oh&amp; speakin of camp.. i cant bring my camera or my ipod  oh well 
sort of sad. went to get the photos off my camera &amp; no camera.  i had it on the surfliner coming home. must have left it on the train.  
shouldn't have procrastinated. @camera_obscura_ tix currently sold out  
should have brought a camera  
i can't load the photos from the camera  
@jane_louise79 good! cause i don't know where my camera charger is... d: we need a picture of us together! and no 
ive finished another peice of artwork.... now i really want to put it on deviant art ... but my cameras broken  
yay!! new phone and camera!!!!!!!!!!     dont txt me though cuz the month didnt start over yet....no unlimited txting  
ridin around erie laughin at the bullshit ass people that live here. i'm tryna take pics to show ya'll but my camera slow.  
dftba crew....my camera offically hate you. i will make a video and post tommorow before hailes. please tell her to wait for it.   
i found my wallet. it was in my closet? now i have lost my precious camera! i keep losing things.  
@camera_obscura_ you guys should be playing pretty soon. so sad...  
@marrrieeex ahahahah that was a goodd one  lmfao! but sadly .. i didnt even have my camera with me  
its late. i'm having a spend the night session with my buddie.  (: not miley. i am in sc! &lt;3 i love it here. i wish i had my camera.  
@polaroidcamera get back on msn. i didnt get to say hi  
@mariejamito @moenette @jasmineraeking i was just looking through our pictures on my camera and i miss you guys so much.  
today was a no camera day 
 i cant find my connector for my cameraa!!!  where is itt?!?!?!?! 
my pics from #140conf today: http://bit.ly/141z0v - sorry about the poor blackberry bold shots. left my sd card for proper camera at home  
@fred0828 liked your photo of you and sandy! i forgot to bring my camera  
@iwrite_ hahahahaha i can't find my camera. sorryz  @tweetdeck omg tweetdeck is amazing!!!! my life has purpose now! 
left the camera in a taxi last night!   still trying to get it back &amp; hoping it'll turn up. keep your fingers crossed! 
went to buy a camera tonight and the van battery died  instead had an awesome dinner with some great friends! 
my camera acting up  http://mypict.me/46tg 
my camera fucking broke...for good    i'm really sad and upset about this... 
@macbby11 like where to put my camera 
camera broke during lil sis' grad 
@thepete sfm = science fiction museum.  didn't take pics sorry....no camera on me.  
somehow melted the fck out of my camera. no workies.  
my camera broke.  
@chaceadamtaylor i have shows in the end of july though  i'll think about it though. i'm pretty camera shy haha 
very pretty moon but my phone's camera won't capture it well  it's low so is yellow but is kinda highlighting the clouds near it slightly 
wen't hiking at runyon canyon today. pretty cool. awesome view. just wish i'd had a camera with me.  maybe next time. 
went hiking at runyon canyon today. pretty cool. awesome view. just wish i'd had a camera with me.  maybe next time. 
i'm very frustrated.  unpaid internship + broken camera + dwindling savings = not a very happy gal.   
@rachaelblogs awwww  i asked were they searching on the way into stadium? for cameras etc? 
@beautiful_alone  latest pix @ home on camera. here's an old 1 in meantime. bella (lilac point) passed last yr  http://twitpic.com/7lzwf 
textures will have to wait... no camera to borrow  
i need a camera thats why i dont have a pic of myself!  
don't think i can afford the g10 this close to travel. any suggestions for a decent fixed lens camera to rock to japan with?!?!?!?  
got my camera repaired 
trying to fix my camera. it dropped today in the train 
the new and improved iphone camera rocks! http://bit.ly/11beub man 
mourning my digital camera and angry at the rowdy guy who knocked it out of my hand  
off to pick up my camera equipment instead of cuddling wit mia  
i can't believe i lost my camera in nicaragua!!!  now i have no photos of my trip fml  
@cc_chapman i think so. i took 10+ disposable cameras to shopko 
but i so hate my cell phone camera  
my clothes came in the mail today!  i tried to take pictures with my new camera but omfg self timer is so hard  tips &amp; tricks pls 
thanks @rjones101229  and yea im searching for my camera cord and cant find it  
we forgot the camera battery. on pictures to bring back  
@fxnxrl can you bring your camera to the meeting? i forgot mine at home....  
caught some bitch stealing a 15 dollar underwater camera and couldnt do anything  
@jonlee3 @hipstergigante yay for camera obscura. drats missing metric+phoenix   i 
the usb cable to connect my camera to my computer will not work no matter what i do.   
ugh my friggin camera is broken 
@jennadesigns ooooh so jealous!  i just moved all my serger-fund-money into my replace-my-camera fund.  babylock &amp; janome are my faves 
now i want the 3g s for speed and the camera.....  http://gizmodo.com/5293388/iphone-3gs-review 
my laptop wont let me upload pictures off of my camera  
@widmer_brothers i have a dog and a camera but no coller.   
camera - yip  
wants a new camera  buy me one!! 
@blockpartypress oh man  so sorry about your camera woes! ((hugs)) for you! 
@penz87 when i fix my camera  
needs to pick up the camera again  
my camera is nott workingngngngnng. -cries-  
looking to rent any 1080p camera for this weekend in #stl #st. louis any ideas? baddog's is booked  
did my camera really just die as i was loading pics of sensual steps? man 
doh! my dad jumped into the ocean with his camera in his pocket!  
quick shot or quad camera doesn't seem to be supported in the iphone 3.0 update.  
just tried downloading pics from old camera's memory card and computer isn't reading it 
@joshrbarnes i would assume that the gym has a security camera. i should ask for a copy. this isn't my first treadmill spill  
i cant get my mac to recognize my camera  and i took some really awesome pictures today. 
@love_erinn you're not allowed to bring any cameras in though i heard  only they get to take the pictures. but it will be so epic... 
i am eligible to upgrade to the new iphone @ the cheap price!!! sure wish i had $200  the camera sold me on it- http://tinyurl.com/l73hvr 
can't get my hd camera to stream live video on ustream so it's back to the &quot;ole reliable ptz  
i want a new camera  
trying os3.0 on ipod touch....bluetooth won't connect to camera  otherwise good! 
brought camera. forgot to put an sd card in it!  
@joecamera lonely sleep without u  
my macbook pro had been so freaking hot since i've been here in kingston. should've brought my notebook cooler. but i've my camera stuff.  
was expecting 2 get my vado video camera delivered 2day but when i checked tracking 
my beloved camera !  
@myfunkycamera lmao!!! oh i know peaches! i am trying to get everything ready for the launch of my new co so i have been away  
my camera is hospitalised  #fb 
i wish my phone had a better camera  the sky on the west side of the island looks phenomenal right now. yellow to blue in color 
@pombears shurrup! just cause i didn't know!  you'll have to find a camera haha you can't pretend to take pictures ;) 
can't find my camera charger!  
how come my camera likes to fail when looking at a green screen? it upsets me.  
interview in front of a camera tomorrow.  i don't have a good side. 
@notarichgirl @xmts @paperdollreveng sorry girls! but no laptop! so no blog tv! the desktop comp doesn't have a camera or mike!  
@sunnybuns not a golf shirt my bb doesnt have a camera  
@popgoesdacamera what's wrong?  x 
@jack_lfc_88 the funny thing about that mark is that it's not on the t-shirt it's on my damn camera lense!  
all these awesome concerts i passed on this week because of camera obscura 
for the love of god.... put out a fix for #quadcamera already !  3.0 breaks the app.   
gah! need.money.for.camera.and.lighting.and.lenses.and everything...    
just as i set up my camera and phone to record a #weekofwin entry i get a call from a client who needs stuff *now*  
* cant upload my pics as i don't have the adaptor for the camera  
sadly..no camera to take pictures  
 sad sad sad its official lost my camera. sad............. - http://tweet.sg 
will be very upset with oldest dd if she took youngest dd's camera charger after i asked her to give it back ...  
heading to new york!! really wish i didn't leave my camera charger at home  
the one day i don't bring my camera  hang tough 
my camera is broken -.-' can't make any videos  
nvidia's tegra video: augmented reality zombies come to life http://is.gd/15tzf too bad the zunehd doesn't have a camera built in  
iphone 3.0 + faster camera /where's the video? +voice memo &lt;3 landscape sms  wish home screen was too.+snappier transitions! go update now 
we need to reset the height on those cameras....  
camera obscura is postponed on friday -   i wish them the best regarding the circumstances 
@kristenhul i've always wanted one!!! i'm excited that the new one is adding mms and a camera. the only thing stopping me is my contract  
wishes he had his camera today  saw some amazing cool things today 
@queenofblending only on my cell my camera is broken.  i wish though cause you are such an inspiration 
sorry for the lack of tweets  but my camera comes in 3 hours! 
at the jazz museum!! no cameras allowed inside though  
@chunlum true that. the camera i want is sold out most places. selling for $200 over retail  panasonic lx3: http://bit.ly/lh9sn 
@quadraticosmium honestly  all this camera talk will drive me insane 
i've been trying to upload photoa on my comp. for weeks my camera isn't letting me  
...great. lost my camera. and all the pics on it.  
@mollykbales i'm flummoxed - the camera must be broken then  
i jus think god it wasnt my laptop but they did still my camera  i cried ...look at it this way someone needed it more then me 
@kmclewis when i fix my camera. idk why its not working  
i really need 2 stop going out at the last min wen i'm drunk with a camera oh how bad those pics are  
i need a new camera mine brokee  
uggghhhhh my camera died  no more twitpics for a while now  
my dad lied to me-he told me that he went to get my camera and they didnt have it ... and i called them just now and they did  
my camera is gone...sniff sniff  had to send it in for repairs. 
poor little latino..jamie foxx just walked right passed him and his little camera  when im famous i promise ill stop and pose lol 
@cbsop easy enough- i work without any fancy lenses (unfortunately...)   one day i will own my dream camera equipment! 
mojoe's wiff @peytoncameron and seannn. i forgotz my camera tho  oh welll 
@thedaintysquid i am sad.  you are sold out of large camera necklaces! lol. 
sitting at home. wondering where the hell is my new camera? and wishing my buddy gets better very soon  
i wish i had my canon power shot sx10is digital camera already  
i can't find my camera  
@sephorajunkie i know and i was so exicted  but the video/camera looks cool. 
so boredd  my camera sucks. i need a new one. any suggestions on good cameras? (under $200?) 
@scatterbraingh very slowly... rest of life keeps getting in the way  but i did manage to find an hour to wiimote a camera around today! 
i'm looking for a new small camera backpack. for the good of my back 
@brandonyost i think we use cameras for different things 
downloading files from my camera... looks like it has been awhile.  i see snow and a dog that passed away months ago.   
trying to get my flip video camera back to normal...  
have a headache from 2 many camera flashes for my ms pics!!  
i wish my sissy would buy me a bike and a camera strap  what's $160 between seesters?! haha 
camera just died 
don't you just love when you accidently delete all the images from your camera before unloading them to your laptop?  
@cameronstewart it's beautiful-take a good camera-yarra valley was the best 
coming to the sad realization that my camera was probably stolen...and most likely at work.  
nokia 5530 pictures: no camera lens cover in this one either...   http://bit.ly/1oyljb 
@iamedigathegi thanks so much for coming to miami! my camera effed up and my pic with you didnt come out.  hope to see you again soon xoxo 
i feel like taking pics but my sister toke my camera  
@nayes1982 noticed that my top on wed night was clearly see-through once the flash of the camera went off....  
@brokensadly don't forget your camera or i'll be a very saaaaad little girl.  
....so my camera is broken  i tryed to make a video for youtube and the motherfucker broke so i cant even take pics either  
anybody's video option on the camera not working for iphone 3.0 update? it's not working and idk why  ugh! 
i want a good camera so bad  .... i need to get another job 
left my camera in my friends bag 
@brokensadly true! but they're better with camera hehe. what??? you won tickets again? i'm kind of starting to not like you!  haha. ;) 
@byronicman glad to hear someone isn't bored out of their mind. i'm still waiting for daddy peter to hold a skin mag up to camera  
@byronicman glad to see you're not bored. i'm waiting for daddy peter to hold a beano up to the camera. he's been taunting me for an hour  
there was fireworks!! finished before could reach camera though sorry  
any camera versed person out there able to tell me which dslr camera i should get for cheap?  
@buffyfest unfortunately not  i had the camera but not the chance to take photos 
been for my first snorkel of the year. spotted loads of fish. no camera though.  
@pembsdave are you planning on using the camera as a distraction next week? i'm not looking forward to the photographic drought  
fuuuuuuuck. i accidentally changed a camera shot on-air this morning  #fail 
prommmm is today &lt;3 i don't know where my camera charger is! uhhh i hate when i don't know where things are!  
@gewaveizer  fucking webcamera?  
and i just realized that i forgot my camera  
wants this before coming to nuq's campus  http://is.gd/16lr2 sad i sold my a200 slr camera 
had a blast last night with co workers watching the dodgers earn another victory.  tried to get on camera dancing with a blanket. failed.  
@miighty_b my camera's broken  
nooooo! camera obscura cancelled their show tonight  
@8three no camera phone  if i had one 
one of my rare splurges: i bought a lowerpro camera bag today! only because my current one broke  
reminder: today's @camera_obscura_ in-store event and the @varplayhouse concert has been cancelled.  hugs needed.  
wolf camera nearest me is no more.  
@digeratii the updated camera is nice... but it still doesn't make me a good photographer at all  
@anoth3rillusion oh no! that totally blows  buy a camera at walmart and then return it at the end of your vacay! 
@nickwichman i thought it was incredible too! maybe the camera's just not main stream yet? not sure  
where is my camera?  
was hoping to get bbq and new camera this weekend documented fun and burgers ;) looks like neither will happen until next week though  
nooooooo(annie knows how to read it) i just erased two weeks worth of pics from my camera as a mistake  
@pastemagazine is there a way we can update our info on www.instoreshows.com ? lemme know. camera obscura cancelled yesterday.  
@kirstyandrews are you taking a camera tomorrow? because my sister's has no batteries so me borrowing it would be pointless  
omg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   http://bit.ly/gxhc6  students shot infront of the camera  dont hurt my people 
ordered the camera. but i don't know if i'm going to get it in time for san francisco  
where the heck is a camera when you need oneeeeeeee? ugh!  
flipart is making fun of me...they said that i need to get a better camera  
im supposed to make a video over the summer and i still cant find my camera  
@whitney_atl yes... i just got it back duude!  &amp; im sure it wasnt towed.. got the theft on camera but cant see dudes faceprayers plskthx 
my computer is being annoying and not letting me upload from my digital camera  
ugh i left my camera at home  
i think my point and shoot camera is dead! how am i going to take videos now?  
@micksgal aww!! did you forget your usb lead?  spent over 2 hours explaining cameras to a guy tonight 
looking for my camera!! i lost it  i needa find it before one tomm! 
only pictures i take on photobooth with upload to twitpic  pictures from my phone/camera wont! wtf! 
dayum! left my camera usb in r.i.c..no picz til wed. when i get bck  i might luck up tho 
i'm on a search for my video camera and we can't find it anywhere!!! youtube videos maybe on hold till we find camera  
well the camera just broke on my phone so i've had a pretty good week  yeah right 
i want a new camera but i guess i've spent the money on my teeth.  
i am incapable of keeping a digital camera for more than a year.   
@tezzitoo it was all a bit confusing - i actually brought a camera with me for you to use 
still down about that traffic camera  
dog in the proposal...too adorable. work @ 8  but yay for new cameraa 
i want to set a custom white balance setting on my phone's camera 
it feels so weird to go out without a camera  
tried to record isaac hanson and matt fisher onstage with jonny lang but my camera died halfway through  
got that new iphone 3g s for the people that don't know u can't mms message yet  but the video camera is awesome ! 
my camera suck! lol ughhhhhhh! for some reason im not looking forward for tomorrow 
tlkin to my crush...plan on doing a new youtube video but my camera wont come on for some reason  
@egolikeness sadly my camera broke  
@cuiying still thinking! still traumatize over the death of my camera.   
i really need a camera with a serious macro mode to focus on the seat in front of me  
i lost my nikon digital camera!!!  oh no 
no pics tonight cuz i left my camera battery in the charger at home  
just had a random thought about my foot goin numb in the club that time hahahaha... @jwilphotos got it on camera too  
i drove up mt. hamilton! but i only brought my phone camera and couldn't take the gorgeous shots of the valley at night  
http://twitpic.com/7vvjo - mid-stretch. i hate my camera for the simple fact the picture wasn't clearer.  
@marandawilliams awww no. my camera was in my bag behind her stank ass. sorry. i only have pics from kittys  
i'd show you all how awesome my kitchen looks but someone killed the camera on my phone  
@drawab what's that????? a fancy camera ?? @ shanghai airport here friggin planes delayed  
and i lost my camera last night  
the problem with using a mac and an avi video camera is having to whack everything into visualhub before usage..  
my mobile camera got kind of doomed.. i thought to buy a new camera phone.. now thinking different 
@30secondstomars we can't - at least those who don't drive. no cameras or cell phones are allowed so i wont be able to take any pics  
camera just dropped out of bag!!!! about to cry if it's broken  
camera 
i still can't believe i had my palm on the lens when i took my picture...  the camera was too small 
@orlaaaaa91 got sick twice already this mrning so not the best!! tnks 4 looking after me last nite i was a mess!! so bad bout ur camera  
got up rediculously early today. took camera to catch the sunrise over pratt pond. then some footage of a circ. 1700 cemetary no tripod  
back at the hotel. visited a modern temple with great architecture but overbearing security. no cameras = no pictures  
@bellexx nope didnt find my camera  
picked up my camera from my mums 
off to the sprint store to see if they can figure out y my camera doesn't work  
finished up a roll of bw film that was in the camera 
oh and i definitely got videotaped about 4 times by american idol cameras..@djay23 @candypants2 missed the best one  
@ladychann oh yeah im in it a rapping baby mother lol it really is true cameras put pounds on ya  i luk fat! im in da yellow..dun in brum! 
got my broken camera already.. now i have to find a store that could fix it..  
http://twitpic.com/7on2o - my awesome broken cell phone camera  
the camera that i want doesnt have a waterproof case available. im so conflicted  
@snowshadow the video is good; but no antishake  the small cameras with video almost seem to be better with runcasts. 
erik is taking the d200 to camp.  goodbye camera. waves  it's been fun. pout. 
@cameracameron1 noo i'm so tired  it was fine 
@nappturalbeauty i lost my camera  
been to 2 walmarts and they r both sold out of the camera  now trying to find lunch 
i forgot the camera battery today.   
@matt_stiles no cameras allowed at #usopen! no photos  also can't bring cell phone or lawn chairs! 
unfortunately the camera lens has a scratch so it needs to go back.  
cant hide cameras in my clothes tonight  its up to chuck and toby 
argh. my new moto razr v3xx_j's camera can't focus on anything work a crap. old v3 did better macro photos than my full camera.  
i cant find my camera usb cord! and i dont want to go to work.  
jus finished my omar poster!! yay!! wish i had a way to upload a pic... i only have this ipod touch which doesn't have a camera  
@twentyafter7  bye bye camera 
i need a digital camera suggestion. my canon sd600 died.  
@staylor97 i'll put some pics out on my blog. wait and see. the island pics are in the camera still 
please help us  girl shot by basij dies in front of camera (graphic) http://bit.ly/2fzee8  #iranelection 
please help us  girl shot by basij dies in front of camera (graphic) http://bit.ly/2fzee8  #iranelection 
got myself a new camera today. wanted to take it to venice for a try but too sick to get out of bed  
http://twitpic.com/7xffi - me at the getty mueseum! spectacular view!  too bad my camera battery died! boo  
@donniewahlberg so i had to pawn my camera for gas money so i had to send in my release without a pic.am i disqualified?(please say no)  
damn i can't find my camera transfer cable.. i have a ton of pics that i did a photoshoot last night and i cant upload them!  
刺激強????ら???も??れ??起??れ????ら????。please help us  girl shot by basij dies in front of camera (graphic) http://bit.ly/2fzee8  #iranelection 
@amypalko the illos series will be for my shop when finished (cards/prints etc) so need quality photos &amp; don't think our camera up to it  
fremont solstice - camera in hand. no tie dye shirt  
i can't find my camera cord thing  
please help us  girl shot by basij dies in front of camera (graphic) http://bit.ly/2fzee8  #iranelection42 minutes ago from web 
ooooooops kinda split my blue charge all over my new camera  but at least it semlls nice now ! 
i hate my camera!!! i thought i had footage of me beating serra on xbox 
@polaroidcamera i don't believe that stuff anymore. mainly because i was born on 11/11 &amp; i'm quite unlucky  
video camera decides to turn off unexpectedly a bunch of times. i will not be filming this weekend so no video this week  
i need to charge my brothers camera soon.. mine broke again  thats 3 cameras i've been through now :s 
@kudovenegas yea well i wouldn't mind i hate it when people ask me to edit a picture and their camera quality is shitty  but yours is good 
so like twitter is not letting me upload a picture   i took it with a camera phone..it's not letting me do it...any other suggestions? 
the only downside to the whole night is that my camera is broken  a week before i go on holiday too! i'm hoping it can be mended quickly 
@kgreenel last time i went away i forgot to pack my camera!   lol 
i think my camera died  
i want a videocamera!  
im beggining to think my dream of owning a polaroid camera will never come true.  
aw so sad my digital camera went from kinda crappy pictures to not taking any  this is why i cant have nice things!!! 
@cameraman_killr hey 
http://twitpic.com/7yagd - since my camera's screen broke 
the bad news: dropt my camera on concrete   the good news : my uncle bought me a way better one!! love my fam! 
broke my camera  
my camera needs new batteries  
@ontdai i hope not  but maybe he's a cameraman or had to deal with this hifi business. ppl must not buy&amp; know #adamaintgetadimefronwant ! 
i see like an expensive  camera... everything up close is fine 
@ontdai i hope not  but maybe he's a cameraman or had to deal with this hifi business. ppl must not buy&amp; know #adamaintgetadimefromwant ! 
@camthecameraman yeah. that's where i got this current one... yesterday  
@marklobo p.s. i always hassle you for camera ideas! sorry!  aha 
wishes she could find her camera  
cant find my camera  
@candycaneps i dont have any pics with you on my camera! it must have all been with yours  
http://twitpic.com/7yqd6 - finally got my camera! i don't know what to do with any of this.  
my camera is somewhere in panama city !!!!!!! oh sweet relief ! however i will still have to wait a bit as i doubt they deliver on sunday  
no camera guy  and i really want pics of sumo suits... 
ice cream and deadliest catch....almost makes up for the grand in camera equip i had stolen  
i won't have my camera until july 2  
http://twitpic.com/7yujm - &quot;the door into summer&quot; i took it with a sigma dp2.this camera is awesome 
just ordered this camera at amazon: http://is.gd/17ntm too bad it isn't for me  
well looks like my savings will be going towards kenny fund and a new camera now.....  
@tahjmowryfan no pics i wasn't allowed to take my camera inside.  
@s2crespo3 @missbacon i know! my bb camera is super fuzzy though. plus 
@mickayyyla i will!! when i borrow my sisters camera 
some guy at the castle dropped and broke my camera when he was taking our picture.    huge bummer. 
the last time i took my camera out 
.@twilightus yup. i dont think my pic with jax came out tho.  stupid camera died 
i think my digital camera is dead.  
eff em el. i want a new camera.  
finally used my little camera today after 6 months. slr keeps it hidden  
zion and vegas was so much awesomeness. too bad my stupid camera crapped out at sunset  
but when you do have a camera less funny things happen.  
was playing around with her pictures from her camera she took this morning...school tomorrow...   
boo @kimloves you totally promised to open the package on camera!  i wanted to see your reaction.  
your cameras and your amazing words 
i just got my own digi-camera 2 weeks ago and i still dont know how to put stuff online  tom. ill figure it out 
well in a pensive mood want to get out of this virtually a jail with 10 cameras always watching feels  
@pattypachangas i left my camera charger in father's dressing room.  
i am holding the metro station picture now. haha. i'm looking at the camera but @platypusparasol @marielmilo &amp; @beamarqz aren't.  
@omgcool i want a lomo camera  
forgot my camera battery   lots of sights today. 
i had a blast for my birthday!!  it was great! i can't find my camera  
iranian girl dies in front of camera from yesterday's protests in tehran. http://is.gd/181qc #iran #gr88 *warning: very bloody scene!*  
last tuesday a bobcat killed a little bunny at work  its on the camera 
the modern look at religion is... through a digital camera  
damnandfuckit! my cameras knackered 
and sore throat again...damn it!  and where the ef is my camera? 
@frenchiie. do you know where my video camera is? i cants find it  
@hantastik my camera broke just before i tried to take a pic for the kris vid too.   
camera wudn work on me yday . . . so ad to take all pictures nd videos on a broken phone . .so all my vids av no sound on it  
at the pub with alice about to go in the ball pond  hate that iphone camera blurs so easly  http://twitpic.com/800er 
forgot about a polariod camera i was bidding on ebay 
my camera died right after demi  i need wembley photos 
a dead camera battery and a missing charger makes for no pictures at the airport this morning   
sad  because someone stole my purse/camera/phone from my bag last night.&amp; i thought brighton was an ok place-it seems bags are never safe 
dell is going downhill. i  order a camera 
street performance world championship - one major disappointment! i never brought my camera!  another brilliant event! get down there! 
images you send from aperture to cs4 that open in camera raw don't then seem to have their changes reflected back in aperture.  
some on stole my full size compact zoom point and shoot camera.   time to buy a new one 
so... last night i broke my camera...  
needs a good dc camera repair shop or for someone to tell him that his d70 is not dead  
i'm camera-less for about 3 weeks  
@katyelizabethh my camera card is still not working  
i now have a no.2 folding autographic brownie((really old camera)) 
broke my camera  
we also missed getting pics of the cecropia moths that we were privelaged to see again this weekend because of the camera batteries.  
left the camera store empty handed  
@iam04 i have watched some of those! i feel like it's gone one ear and out the other though. my camera makes me look fat  
no #thebcast today - camera broke in transit back to pittsburgh  
i want to make youtube videos but i have no camera  
kodachrome is going away! i'm going to pick up a few rolls tonight from my local neighborhood camera store right now.  
@sherijo shelling peas right now. somehow lost the charger for my camera  all i have is my phone. 
i enjoyed my last dinner with giovanni. venice tomorrow. pompeii broke my camera  
@princewife i know  can i live in your basement? at least can i leave my camera there? 
@stawpitemily  your two purty foar your camera.? 
members i added a candid video from my trip in key west! i just wish..they allowed cameras @ my fav clothing optional bar  on the roof top 
@blububl you're doing twit pics now too? you're officially a twitter whore. my phone has no camera.  
@meganjane__ yeah they should turn the cameras off and work on their marriage for the sake of their 8 children  
umm well im tryin 2 upload pics but this new camera thing isnt working 4 me  
@katjrobertson those kids r gonna suffer (on camera) so much 4 their parents mistakes. all we can do is keep them in our prayers.  
its starting to rain. camera has to go bye bye  
@awesomebrandi editing pictures from my last wedding. quite a few make it apparent that my camera i thought was fixed is actually not  
@pascalgrob i'm so sorry about your camera...    but 
at @ddlovato 's concert. my camera just died. thanks a lot camera.  
my effin camera broke  dammit!! ughhh 
being  bored taking random pic of me with my new camera. was in salem today wish i could have seen reed  
@chaos33176  at least you wasn't one of the ones who go on there snitching on camera. they could @ least ask for the camera's to leave. 
i wish i'd bought my camera to the beeeeach  
@iheartpreston no cameras allowed  very strict... 
@jenjan noooooooo! my old palm could twitter. just the camera sucked! unless i was in pure light nothin was coming out  
@donniewahlberg haha so true! i had my camera all ready! but no ddub  hehe its ok i know boston is way too crazy! we luv ya 2 much! twugs 
yuck! spilled a bottle of salmon oil in my bag and ruined everything in it! including my camera  really sucks to be right now 
@droidhead problem is i cant boot into recover or camera+power  
@cosmicblaze  i am so sorry you're getting a camera shoved up your butt at only 22..... sorry was that too explicit? kinda scary. 
@a11woman oh...  may need to do a different picture soon anyway. will give camera to 4 year old tomorrow... 
@papercakes cool! what kind? i'm getting a new camera too but it won't be here till next week.  
heading out w/ trusty camera in a bit. beautiful day. wish i could lie out somewhere w/ mojito in hand ... wake up! back to reality dude  
@davidlehre ahhhh!! i want the camera!! but i cant pay that lol!!! oh well......    
@donniewahlberg i'm at your show in cleveland and there's a giant camera obstructing my view!! i'm devastated!  
@babypatches  i am tryin to get pic of her  but she is camera shy  
@evargas  the iphone camera doesn't has zoom!  
i hate sony vegas. always setting my stuff to 720p on a shitty camera  
@jonasbrothers  i think we brought it in tulsa if u ask me! that was the best concert in my life! i was sad my camera died i have no pics  
spent a little time looking at photos on facebook and now i miss having a functional camera!  
@charlestrippy never mind i failed  i did not hold the camera to the side long enough for it to switch to wide screen ha 
@davepeterson - one problem with firmware update - it has to enter the camera through a cf card (which is the problem). non-starter.   
im on a mission to try to find my camera...i miss it!  &lt;p0!5!on!vy&gt; 
@wearmoa i bet! i spent all day doing my little batts!! l added in lots etc so you know!did a few pics will post next!  sorry about camera 
@shuttersisters should be fun! glad you are here! (now if only i had a camera besides my iphone!)  #gno 
@jesse it's crazy how as cameras keep getting bigger cards seem smaller and smaller  i currently shoot an 8gb cf and the 5dmkii fills it! 
@megpriley waaah.  i'll bring my camera and make sure @michaeldaley stays hydrated. 
i. want. my. camera. naowww! mann why did i have to get the stupid super saver shipping  
still looking for a ticket to @amandapalmer at the troubadour tomorrow... or there will be a sad panda with a camera sitting on the curb  
cant find the cable to my camera  
#portland or a good camera shop in pdx to get a new lens... hopefully its just the lens!!! help!!! canon rebel xti need help  
@paparoachwhore i don't have a camera  lol srry 
trying to fix my camera.....lost over 500 pictures  
@ashleighmaegan i don't have a camera on my stone age computer....  
i'm so outta it i threw my battery charger for my camera in the washer!!! uuuggghhh 
just got flashed by a shit yellow camera. 5mph damn you  
@gdgofficial i just met you! you made fun of me bcuz i couldnt work my own camera  haha 
there are two rainbows outside but must say camera battery for my 365 in the meatroom tonight. stupid me didn't charge it last night  
ughh!! just when you thought you caught up. your backup camera dies on you  looking for a used 40d or 30d 
havent tooken any pictures of people in a while. well i cant really find my camera  
@kcstokes amazing ! i love doing that kinda stuff i just dont have a camera  
i need a camera a  
shopping for a new camera since i broke mine  
@fabianmh no cameramuteapp for vzw users?  
very annoyed that there is nothing on any of the police cctv cameras from friday night. requesting cctv from shops and such.  
i want my camera  
deliberating on whether to save up for a new camera 
@cherryrunway there's a computer in the living room.  the cops won't let me get my phone/cameras/laptop  
@planetbeing pls help!!  pictures dont get saved on camera roll. can you pls help? 
@musclenerd pls help!!  pictures dont get saved on camera roll. can you pls help? 
my boys is never staying at home again.last time my internet modem went missing now the battery of the camera is missing  
fixed my camera problem 
is researching 'tinternet for replacement camera 
@lissmdb you will find them on facebook later. i didn't bring a camera  
loving greece. wish i had a camera on this phone so i could send a pic  
@jkdodd i noticed that sale today. no cheap lumography cameras though. regretting not picking one up for £20 when i was in glasgow  . 
@kayotickitchen ... i crushed my camera so i will see what i can do. the zoom is not all that great now  
wouldn't you know it! i bring up my camera at the last minute for some night photography and the battery is too low for it to work  
twitter and paper toss are my only friends today.  just had camera talk. ha!  this will be fun...not 
wishin i would have jus took the pics wit my camera!!!! damn y i listen to him!!!???  
my fckin 300 dollar camera is fck'd so bad  
home. i gotta go and have a camera shoved in an interesting place on the 14th july.  
camera was on the fritz at sptechcon... no pictures came out  
the birds mock me -- the elusive ones show themselves when i do not have camera in hand  
is annoyed that argos have run out of the camera she wants  
@mtvbuzzworthy i was at the movies today and in the toilet cubicle it said &quot;elmo was here&quot; on the wall - i didnt have my camera though  
is sad cuz i'm leaving 2mrw and hav 2 no pics of the trip cuz i left my camera in makayla baby bag  
i hope i didn't lose my camera by the river!!  
@cameradeath  well we're glad you're back.  any pics from curvy? 
@haykuro how did you fix the headset/camera problem? was it just libaudio.so and libcamera.so (and dependencies)? just being curious  
@djocto haha.. i do not look like myself  weird distorted  camera i have on the phone 
@tjholmescnn love your style on camera. you write awesome tweets too. ok 
just saw the google streetview car passing buy again! was watching straight into the camera this time  
aww..look at us eating breakfast! you can see us right now and it's much clearer with our new camera!   http://is.gd/p9ml 
@kevindavis1914 i meant *wouldnt. just let me borrow your camera  
@tiffanyld webcams or actuall video cameras? @britneyspears thanx for folowing me i luhh u! i have all of ur cd's. keep being britneyy!  
just bought a new camera  
i love how in westerns they slap a blue filter on the camera and call it night  
finally bought a digital camera  
chyehhhh boiiii. new cameraaa soon  
my sissy sha' is so funny...i can't wait 4 u guys 2 meet her...sorry i forgot my cords 2 my camera...pictures will b up when i get home!!  
i love my camera!! i'll have a huge-oh post come monday  flickr will be pleased 
http://twitpic.com/3jv2s - pose for the camera!  
camera one at hsm tonight. ahh!  
oh man! what a week...tmr i finally get to start work at a camera shop: john 3:16 photo  yeay! 
photoshopping is fun ... but still best to get it right in camera first and then play  
aww... @luckystar37 has my most important picture from today on her camera. so i can't gawk at it right now...  
just back from birding @ the hebbal lak. met few great ppl from inw and bnhs. damn!their camera advise mostly went over the head!  
feels pretty good to get first place at districts for camerata  
@kluless65 i will be hot on fa's trail with the camera jjj!!tulip tree is blooming for the first time.   talk to you soon.  *hugs all up** 
@nick_carter  http://twitpic.com/3kygd here's one of the pics from my camera! i'll email the other ones to lauren  
giving a magnifyer to a baby is fun  #cameraphone http://twitpic.com/3l4tq 
@lostonpurpose yeah! not all the time but it's definitely real. can't get it on camera though.  soon come...i hope! 
aww i love my new camera!!!   
arjan is real happy with his bday present  its a dslr-a350 (photocamera) 
still thinking of where the camera is! who stole it!! &gt;_&gt; was it you??  
@johnherman yay!! congrats! not too much camera work in the delivery room. trust me.  
@alexpire great stuff... i suppose you're out with the family and your camera? it'd be a shame to waste such good light!  
if i were the camera man covering a pk11 match 
@hdtvcameraman thats the beauty of twitter search  tnx again  
i just bought a new cameraaaa  
@klutz315 congrats  im always on the other side of the camera 
just helped my sister set up her camera  i feel happy now that she's youtubing. 
gulping down my mint tea and swooooshing out for the afternoon. bringing my notebook &amp; camera. to be continued...  
i think i ruined a few photos from my first (highly experimental) roll of film. hmm. taking my camera to the farmers market today  
new camera soon ? stokkkkkkked!  
@lizdueweke p.s. can't stop listening to camera obscura since our convo  
oh yeah...chris lighty was not too pleased with the camera in his face...oh well  
@mikecheung i don't have a proper camera right now  maybe not for a while yet. saving up for the next iphone. 
been kickin the footy with bro...then i whipped out my camera  i love photography! 
my new camera took a 100ft tumble down a crag. somehow it still works  
going star-gazing tonight with hubby! bringing tripod &amp; camera along 
like a camera 
nice lens for the canon eos camera  - http://tinyurl.com/cj9cpw 
thanks to pm ruddy i now have a brand new canon powershot g10 camera!  sweet as   
@syeh3 i tried different cards with the different cameras. the one card indeed looks kaput. =( thanks tho!  
um. just bought another camera.  
@ninapa i did. fortunately the ilife program for mac will recognize this camera or i'd be sending it back. i have to load that today  
finally got my camera back.  these rainy days are really motivating. 
@johnpenfold enjoy  just think of how many speed cameras there'll be on that trip! 
husband's grad today. camera: check. big smile: check. lotsa pride: double check!  
@cazzwright aww thankyou  need to get out with the camera again now the weather is a bit nicer. 
http://twitpic.com/3pd5a - makapu'u beach 2... my camera phone is awesome capturing blue  
@tabloidterror chu best bust out the sumet special for the dqos...i have camera and will be taking photographs  
@musey i've thought about setting up a camera before actually 
@shane_murphy #13 seems to be how many people react to having a camera pointed at them  http://short.ie/vg5m3o 
just got back from a 3 camera shoot - thanks to a camera loan from a vuer  may fete at our high school... 
@donmilleris society looks down upon old guys using their camera phone to take pictures of little children. just so you know  
@jaxjaggywires wish i had a video camera way back when you were little and loved that movie! feel better  
bum! two flat camera batteries and only one photo taken on the whole trip http://twitpic.com/4dz2p...and then it rained. home now  
@sasaloves phone? phone with camera? i sense a drunken mistake that you're gonna regret tomorrow. let it be to me!  
@cposion i got the new ds systemm with the camera  mad cute it was suppose 2 b 4 mymy but she b acting up smh 
@mileycyrusfor 3 days + it was amazin!)+by any chance do you still hav the pic of you with us on yur camera that you took  ... 
semi-naked car wash since there were cameras didnt work out as planned. the water was a little forceful and the dryers blew me away. ha  
@maaaarit just uploading my pics from last night from my camera 
i'm going to save up for a new camera .. wish me luck  
having a day off today and enjoying our holiday in germany  my camera is telling me the beach beckons..... lol 
@hawaii1 add pen &amp; notebook to that camera obscura list  
@jordie92 you like to take the camera out?  make a deal with you.  next good morning 
just bought new clothes and camera whoop! love it when dad actually spends stuff  
upgraded to #android cupcake. stereo bluetooth. much better camera. video added. works faster. niice!  
@clinton1550 nice looking camera. they have screen protectors for cameras here 
good things  1. found my lens cap! 2. i love my camera so much 
@ddlovato hi demi.u r truly amazng.ur so ril &amp; raw.u dnt bcum ds whole othr charctr infrnt of da cameras. i luv ur flaws.u giv hope 2 us.  
at another rehearsal. im watching @stephengilmer playing with his camera. if he gets a new one maybe he'll give me that one.  
@can1315 all sent!! there are a lot but i go camera crazy and 
@lulico http://twitpic.com/4enen - look @ her - she is posing again! not camera shy at all  it is juz one niz 
@svajen you're welcome  what kind of camera do you have? 
our new cameras are in - an av geek in a candy shop   http://yfrog.com/55ihsj 
yays! my pink camera works again  still cleaning.. 
@lalahhathaway. be sure to smile for the camera  
i like picasa. anyone with a google email and a digital camera should use it.  
camera obscura - if looks could kill - @tezzer57 says thursday was a great show  ? http://blip.fm/~5fkqc 
i need few peoples for my next video! if u have a camera and can record a quick thing 4 me let me know so i can tell u what  thank u xoxox 
@duckscratch about $2300  with the hardware and software  (still need to put an ip camera on the roof one day) 
@acatinatree very impressive! that's a real tv camera you're standing behind  
wish i knew where my usb cable for phone and camera were! i can haz lovely pic of bub falling asleep in one of my slings 2day  
@scottsharman ahhh the old new-camera-guilt-shopping trick. i know that one well   
@jurgenappelo yeah i saw. luckily i don't have time to actually use my camera. so i haven't damaged any ecosystems yet  
uploading pictures from my camera to my laptop  
is it wrong to spend more on a lens than i did on my camera?  by $400???   
@enchantedpr well.... i told you i was a little of both. left phon but brought camera.  had to document us! 
i need to buy a camera and make video's  
omg my dad just gave me his camera because i used it today and liked it so he said &quot;do you want it now or later&quot; now=win  yay happy !!!!!! 
@tjp5082 i prefer my camera these days  
slow day at the studio!  camera room down! lunch from 2 till 3 come say hi.  
@jen004 yes i did.... it was really good.. your amazingly relaxed  on camera .....and thx for the mention  
@mikeyway  http://twitpic.com/4itci  the newst addition to my collection &gt;: d the last instamatic camera manufactred in the u.s  in 1976  
camera and equipment insurance sorted for another year  
dailybooth: new camera!  dpdpdp http://tinyurl.com/c9mcjd 
@wahliaodotcom thanks  i had lots of fun with that camera 
i need a new digital camera to replace the one i lost when i was drunk. anyone like to donate any money?  
just me and my camera today...  
thank god camera fixed itself. i want a new ipod  
@emjaystar haha thanks  yep definately a dream come true!  so excited the camera was shaking when i was taking a photo! 
needs to stop taking photos with other people's cameras!  luckily 
@lucykd dsi is the latest nintendo ds with 2 cameras + stuff built in. we are a gadget house. luckily i get my blackberrys free from work  
ended up riding down brick lane  the a12 was dead (apart from scameras every 5 minutes)� took an hour to get in. 
made my pin hole camera todaaaaay. need to get some film now!  http://tinyurl.com/cw8wp2 
thanks @8101harris i will have the editing done soon for @hoteleden i see i do a better job behind the camera instead of in front of it  
brought some new glass for my camera  
@jasonturcotte say cheese for the camera 
oh yeah the camera clipping problems with void are now completely fixed  yay me for fiddling about 
@guilty_ awww. so that's him. nice attempt at hiding from the camera  
omg. i love my parents i juss got a lavender camera as an early birthday present!!!  
spent a few hours being a camera whore with palina  
gotta be at church by ten for camera meeting  finally!! =d lol 
no burgers to be found. new (old) camera to play with though 
@kondziu i was certain which show you were talking about by the letter g in &quot;camera cafe: a misog..&quot; i think that answers your question  
anyone remember those izone cameras? well i still have mine. pretty rad  
@aditya easy. put on a mask. hack. even though the cameras record you 
woke up at 5am. cleaned camera gear from last nights wedding. should really go back to sleep 
http://twitpic.com/4wuzq - a late 60s/early 70s austrian made cine camera with case and instructions. paid �2 for it  
@eloots1987 haha i really enjoyed the terrible voice-over and the combination of the three-three camera rule which they forgot to add  
@lizlemoncologne take your camera and take some pictures  
@mattghere ahhh the cameras are all over you. lol. congrats 
@lauramaymcc thanks laura! i did have a great day! i got a new digital camera my mom and sister  they rock! 
is tired as hell.....time to count sheep....oh yeah....is trying to figure out how to use his new/used slr camera  
@f1reman @fring can afford better cameras...   
@accidentmagnet yes it has been a while *sighs and hands her the gift* i got you something you'll love *smiles* (a new camera. that works  
happy mother's day everybodyyy  still inlove with my camera. anyone wanna buy me a fisheye lens? 
my birthdayy was spectacularr! got a new camera... and helped plant flowerss!  
@mscandy718 for the tv has a camera &amp; micro mic inside of it so that they=the gov can keep a closer eye on you 
@camerakat i must have survived another round of deleting. howdy 
so... you should type &quot;highkey camera&quot; into your facebook search bar... become a fan of whatever comes up...  
@pelleb if only there was a place i could go to casually! have the sony &amp; canon dslr's blame the crap pics on the cameras  
@sshawnn problem solved.  needed to import from a video camera. 
@mydreamandi you can upload dailybooth pictures from your camera!  
i think i'm going to stop processing videos in hd. high quality is amazing with my hd-based camera.  
@samantharonson http://twitpic.com/50tn8 - joel in the middle pointing into the camera!!!  
with this camera 
@lisahuntart good idea to bring a camera.  i'll tell customers that if they don't buy a copy 
@buddythepuggy you are very good on camera. your woofs are very &quot;believable.&quot; you have a future in hollywood.  
@wookiestyle i'm gonna clear out my camera and charge it tomorrow.  
@violetbakes hven't been up there for years and years... if the weather holds off i'll be up there later with my little camera  
@satinecm &quot;readies camera for arrival of office robot walker&quot;  
my wish list for camera lenses...12-24 f4 24-70 f2.8 70-200 f2.8 wawawa.. then i can really die in peace..  
been up all night but should be getting a laptop today or 2mrw and another camera and ipod  happy 
you know you're an addict when the camera guy at ritz knows you by name  
@mtabini that the camera on the iphone just good enough to be worth the trouble?  
@veahsmoma i got me a new camera so i'm uploading mad pictures tonight  
@xjanehuntx i do not take photography!  i just pick up a camera and snap things that interest me 
hahaahaha  @roxy808 and all other tweeters it was not robs camera of footage of strippers lmao!!!!!  
http://twitpic.com/5cktf - @snapitsmikka took this picture of me.  she's awesome with a camera! 
@wahliaodotcom hmmm... take your time to figure your camera out 
@drbaka http://twitpic.com/1c7xy - excellent camera... to catch them moving at &quot;high velocity!&quot;  
and finally...the only two remaining from the original 2005 nin crew  @jennabunnie http://twitpic.com/5cr6v stupid camera and its red eye! 
is charging the camera for tomorrows nights celebrations!!  
this year from everybody i received money  taking out the camera the huge swing bed 
@bluntnate video camera. or 
morninnng. getting readdy. going to get my neeew camera wittt my dadd  then... iddk? 
@lilyroseallen with a camera of course  
i wish there was a camera today it was such. a sad moment i was tearing up and what not but god is so good i didn't care nor should i  
#wonderworld sty strong! keep it up! tell the cameracrew great job!   (wonderworld live &gt; http://ustre.am/j8l) 
@pauldecabdriver smile for the camera!  
@xxfishdrummerxx and yes.it was a very embarrasing moment  &quot;c'mon! where are the cameras?!&quot;  
@veloomedia thanks danny. can you turn your camera around 180? it's easier than me turning my screen upside down  
@francescavaney haha it's fairly epic. i'll take one tomorrow when i'm reunited with the connector cord for my camera 
buying a digital camera off of ebay so i can finally take good picts and document my life.  
transfering photos from the camera(s) to the computer  
@alexalbrecht you should get both cameras! then you can decide which you want and then send me the other.    
http://bit.ly/bplem  the trannie of cameras : the slr born in a point and shoot's body might save up for this  
@duccat900 crap! fergot my camera 
needs a favour from someone in/near dublin. anyone know anyone? is to collect a camera!  
@twitchiest i had *a* camera 
looking at pictures on the camera with aaron who is still hungry &amp; aimee is with moe good news delano is coming back 4 the summer   
yay new camera  &lt;3 thanks thangalang &lt;3 
from a few days ago but funny nonetheless. racist japanese camera?  http://adjix.com/cc3q (via @guykawasaki) 
from a few days ago but funny nonetheless. racist japanese camera?  http://adjix.com/cc3q (via @guykawasaki) 
@timbe2 this is adorable this picture looks like it should be for candid camera it looks professional looks like u had fun  
http://twitpic.com/5ez7m - i got a brand new camera!! yayyy  
and here at beer i an wearing my twitter shirt and have my camera  
@atsalazar yay! spontaneous-hungarian-folk-dancing-tiem!  will keep eyes open.  and cameraphones prepped and whatnot.  
@celticcamera great pic!  we have a similar alley of death in the woodland near us. absolutely love oilias of sunhillow - what an album!  
... access their browser. and cameras in all corners of every room - don't get me started!  
so am going to camera club after all. club secretary read my fb status and called to offer a lift.  
@cameraboy56 aww well im sure your time will come round again soon  
@mk3raawr lol sorry babe. i've got a camera now so if you were going to bring your canon 
@onlygizmos hi! thanks so much for the digital camera! i replied to your email yesterday  
@finnpoitier yes.. i don't want the poor toy to be identified. and the iphone camera is not the best for close-ups. but the posting works  
@officialtila  in the video i noticed you said it was narrow and didn't know how to work it. was that about the camera or something else?  
@hilzfuld it is a camera term 
@photognews not again! sony just made it more difficult for me to choose a camera upgrade.  
@katiemorrow i have heard if you throw it against a concrete wall that it will force eject everything in the camera!  
@fatmanonabike i caught you on camera at the 2005 tdf: http://bit.ly/npo6y see 45secs into the vid!  
@mycameraandi great set 
playing with my new toy - i bought a new camera today  
@frenchgov @pegobry and i gonna need to buy a camera then...  
@itsonlywords i'd like to know what you find out about the cameras - maybe even under $100?  
@camthecameraman the thought of using another platform and getting my head around it is enough to make me feel ill  
@sakhi_ not yet.. i still haven't got enough time to take my camera out. let me first enjoy with naked eyes  
times now news reader claimed that t r baalu exclusively spoke to them and showed a clipping where their camera man ran behind trb's car  
polarize pictures  i'm looking foward to buy a polaroid instant camera &lt;3 
valentina got a new camera and won't let me bring it tomorrow. &gt;&lt; biatch 
@stickytiki i like to know that people aapreciate me   made any camera purchases lately lol ? 
got my camera back from canon center // clean sensor at last  
camera charged and full 4gb memory  
the tech-cameras picked me up as having a high temp in malaysia  - had to get a medical to prove i wasn't a swine. all clear  
#followfriday @danclements is this guy; nerd and techie. that he has a better camera than i. his gf is cute; 4 a girl. fungi.  
@didgeluvsjonas yeaahh she knew lol she didnt really approve and i lost my camera hahaa and my phone is upstairs so i shall show u monday  
the camera won't be on today sorry  
http://twitpic.com/5oocz - blackberry cameras such...but have you ever seen such an eruption of handsomeness?? and i'm there too!  
#postdigital event is being filmed on a flip camera! expensive cameras need not apply!  
http://twitpic.com/5oqcb - 5m camera in water-proof casing (up to 25m) - decent quality shots 
@eatair i will be armed with my camera ;). i will admit i love the many photos in this new book  
@larkinmichael very cool will check it out  love tft camera can't wait to get it 
@naomitarz piece of tape over the camera?  
@celticcamera any photo of your is somthin'  &amp; i am sure you have something profound to share...what did you have for breakfast? 
   i wanna play with my camera but i will settle for playing with iv's and heart monitors 
camera obscura's my maudlin career is pretty ace. today is state the obvious day  
shooting 2nd camera today with 5d  for first time yikes!!!  13 weddings this weekend double yikes!!! 
@webology sounds like your talking about something other than cameras!!!  
trying to focus on code - hard w/so much sunshine out there. allergies not withstanding want to go out &amp; play. (and mess w/new camera  ) 
why thank you @mornane  (not that it could have been clear even if i wanted it to be... blah camera phones) was work fun-tastic? 
the tables already have the holes and is painted again  super black! now is time to change the height of the camera and the ir leds angle! 
just got home from gettin' the flowers and such. cleaning my room. then who knows. prom!  gotta remember to charge my cameraaa. 
@kriciamorris with new camera body and #coldpizza 
has a new a shiny new camera and shiny new shoes  
i am going to be famous!! no really!  the google streetview camera car drove by me yesterday!! i'm going to be on google! hahahahahahah  
weho was madness -- wish i had a camera. very fun 
@johnkung i would be very angry if i went through a speed camera at 11.2km/h and got a fine!  
http://twitpic.com/61g8a - my front yard. panoramic shot. love my camera for this!  
whew...plastic camera actually works  http://bit.ly/329po 
@sophias_place that is beautiful! wish i had a camera that good  
won't have a working camera for the picnic this weekend  although 
i'll bring my mom's camera tomorrow.  
i wish i was a guru    i might just ask for a good camera for my grad present!  goooood  i d e a ! 
@gusf perhaps a photowalk some day.... i'm camera jealous/envious  
still looking for a digital slr camera. anyone who would like to give me one for christmas? please?  
now that i have a camera on my phone i wanted to show everyone the love of my life i always talk about   http://twitpic.com/664ot 
going on a bike ride along the regents canal later today and maybe onto greenwich. will have to remember my camera this time. lol  
i want a new (good) camera!  
got my new camera yay  fkn awesome 
@horuskol that looks awesomely incredible. makes it look like reeeeally detailed models. wish i had a camera with interchangable lenses.  
@dugdalemadrid ooh gateshead. we'll get the honeymoon suite in the rocket lololol  http://www.flickr.com/photos/jonesthecamera/705751118/ 
@o_dawn_o home today. watching glee on hulu. the camera is making e dizzy!  stop switching so much!  
@dressjunkie ohmigod!!  jonathan's in your video!!  you look fabulous in every shot!!!  and so composed in front of the camera!  well done 
@ourcitylight why thank you very much  your camera is being done next week 
@shrimpsalad  keep finding  cash in your couch and you can buy a new camera  
really have to remember to bring my camera this weekend - will post pics of senior officers in full uniform  
i like working with agencies......they always know the camera angle and shot they want! the only problem is they always want it tomorrow  
new hair colour!!! so happy and excited going to show the world!!! - dammit can't find my camera lol.. when i do the world will know!!   
@mrfoxengineer i mostly used it as a handle to keep the camera more steady  hopefuly i can fix it or things will get slightly blurry... 
i tell you i was interviewed on camera yesterday? there was a production crew on mich. ave. - we talked 
@xkiseki they let you bring cell phones with cameras in there? twitpics?  
@derdrache how about one sb900 and one sigma ef-500/530?  if you're using them on-camera 
@cameraboy56 hope it all goes splendidly for all concerned  
@thechristinakim &quot;off and my bathing suit and camera on?!?! tempting!!!&quot; - wow.. i only caught this part of your tweet. lol  
getting camera gear ready for a night out on the soccer pitch!  what a beautiful day it has turned out to be...   - loving the sunshine! 
@sdentrepreneur bikini and a camera- high heels are mandatory too 
seeing camera obscura tonight.  
finally! we got our camera to work! world beware here comes video of oc egoscue  
@tuckerandswiss hey ... i need a vacation. ill come to you one weekend!!!  fancy camera and all!! 
@myinnerbitch crap am i on camera? how did you .... oh i get it    no i really got it i am not that duh!!! 
@sugarfreesheila you get used to the blind spots. i have no problem with seeing everything ohh wait i have a camera system  
camera obscura 
my new camera is super cute  and i have the lamest tan like ever 
@pandaamonia uhm thats why were going to early to get somethin for them to sign  make sure you bring ur camera 
@mshollywooddiva  yesssssssssssss i think i need a camera lol 
lots of work on my portfolio.  finally found my camera cord. 
@organicuniverse  it's a remote control 'copter w/a high-end hd camera attached...and it travels to shoot productions anywhere  
leaving for a lunchmeeting in the center of bkk soon. will bring my camera with me for some tourist shots i still haven't made  
i'm gonna try my presentation bout pinhole camera at lia.. wish me luck  
@lto2012 that's okay.  maybe if @benatbradley posts the pictures we've been taking on his camera on facebook 
@1cloudstrife **holds up her camera** and there's pictures that's going to be in all the shinra staff lounges 
hey @rxradio1 hey ej! you're hoarding the camera. kidding!   (rxradio1 live &gt; http://ustre.am/3cfx) 
@photoshoot_me sounds like fun. go out and shoot them. use the camera or anything else. your choice  
camera battery charged 
@myramoira yessh it ok! i'm sticking with you because i'll be on camera mode for tonight.  
@tomchau probably something for props or camera. you'll be receiving an official letter when we wrap in a week  thank you again! 
@kikirowr very sultry  i could do a lot with you and my camera i think 
(@sanye) note to self: camerabatterij opladen  
tweet tweet.. got my camera back  
@camera_obscura will probably blog later or upload pics to facebook  
done with camera servicing. its working fine now  
need a hd camera.. anybody wanna give me one?  
@kahani get one of those fake security cameras which runs a red blinky light off 2 aa batteries  
o btw. i recieved my camera.. and it's doing great! i just love it now  
@geekmama it's a great little camera - hope to get to grips with it more over the next few days - loving it though  
shoot tomorrow... i'm behind the camera once again  
just woke up.  the muscles are sore from weedeating.  the camera has been ordered .... 5-9 days it will be here.   
had a fruitful and fun day taking pictures at the botanical garden~ basically happy with my camera  but so tempted to buy some lenses &gt;.&lt; 
feels like taking her camera to the top of a mountain  
http://www.dpreview.com/reviews/canoneos300d/ gonna buy this camera... just wondering if my wife will steal it from me  
http://twitpic.com/6948s - tom looking at the camera 27/02/09  
@bluesdude21 if you do find yourself with a camera in the future 
can't wait for my new camera to come in the mail!!  
i think d sky sports camera man has a crush on lee byrne too! camera always on him when ball not in play!!  
watching the cup final.  feel sorry for the cameraman as every time the ball goes into the shadow areas he has to open up 3 stops  
took some amazing photos today with my lush new camera 
hi @jasmintweets! got your email about our shy guy. let's see who else goes on camera willingly 
bed time! buying a  second camera body tomoro...  
paaaaarty tonight. will bring the camera along.  
@stevekloyda the video looks terrific! you are a natural in front of the camera.  
put the cameras down 
gettin' out soon with camera in hand. the world is my canvas  
  dar and roller ur on candid camera lol 
@beth_temple learn the ropes 'n move on up. i'm good with cameras 
camera seems to work now  
@hairyoda i hope you don't mind - i borrowed your camera  
the dempsey wedding is done! so nice to see &amp; talk cameras with @markcollier at the wedding today.  
@kaitlynpotts what kind of nikon camera have you got? i remember you posting it on your blog. i just got a d60 yesterday.  
now off to the muddy cup for some nail style goodness. if i can get a camera rolling &amp; online 
@jimpick we were amused with how the iphone's camera can bend objects with fast panning  
@sensonize lol - the camera that can see things!  
our live feed camera is precariously mounted on a tripod standing a-top 3 boxes. sorry to the live feed viewers for the camera fall  
i figured out my camera software has a movie editing program  
i would be so grateful to the person who can lend me a firewire cable! i have footage on my new camera and wanna get it off  
gonna have tonight   thankful for good friends and cameras!!!!!   
@missmary ahh no way!? i want a d90 it's such an awesome camera!!  i just got the new 35mm f/1.8 it's super fast! 
@camera_obscura hard to resist. but i've already promised to make this for my family tomorrow...http://tinyurl.com/4h6xmx  
off to fuerteventura tomorrow for a week of bliss  camera in tow(carry on luggage of course)only bringing my new 50mm and 70-300mm. 
@calitia i want to see some crazy camera comedy action from #e3 
@khesap try holding the camera at shoulder level or just below  
on my way to the giants game! i'm bringing my camera 
http://twitpic.com/6aiyp - another pic taken with my new camera.  
mom's pc is now running mint linux and she loves it. camera and printer worked nicely. she asked suspiciously &quot;why is all this free?&quot;  
off for a wedding now ......without a camera for once  it sure feels strange ... 
@bharvcameraman at onemidtown with @bharv @kmharvey @coky1324 @greedygenius95 and jason. (twitterless) &lt;-- sounds like fun  
i'm going to get tapes for my dad's camcorder to see if it has better quality then the camera i've been using for my videos.  
@milesbaker me too. tip: never buy a new camera in the winter. how many white photos can a person take?  
@courtneyriot http://twitpic.com/6afw2 - this camera is awesome.   
@calilewis how are you doing? love ur podcast &amp; site! please can u send info on teleprompters 2 mount 2 video cameras. thanks!!  
@tracysson thanks  i try to only do interracial. i only fuck with black dudes in my personal life so u know i'm going hard on camera 
@liberalviewer1 exausted.. it caught up with me  naps &amp; then back to editng! plus i need to figure out d pro sony camera by 2morrow! yes! 
@aldriniscool awesome. i have the camera they modeled this after!! it's the one in our living room... along with everything else.  
shooting some volleyball tomorrow. with cameras. not guns!!  
@charlesletbette i didn't know until i saw the pic.  i don't think i hung around long. i had the same wthr shirt and tiny red camera. 
got my new camera today!  
sooo i have decided that i want to do a photo of that day...to get my camera back out and running.... stay tuned to twitter!  
still waiting...i should have brought my camera. the guys are being hilarious!  
got my new camera   &amp; 8 days of school left. 
yay for my new camera  
oh that sucks.; the dslr camera remote iphone app does not support the eos-10d.  http://tinyurl.com/mlemne 5d-mark ii time  
@cubicgarden hope to see you at #bcleeds09 today... its been awesome so far.. been putting camera to good use!  
@lizasperling excellent   so you don't have any camera to try it with?   
@valeour ouch!  did you find yourself protecting your camera?  
i set off a red light camera while riding my bike tonight. oops.  
@jessandco thanks!! i look dead tired. but my dog is amazing and always camera ready haha  
got camera back!!  universe must think i did something right ;) 
@lizasperling as long as the old camera can use sdhc cards (higher than 2gb) and it's not too old. try it. why wait  
at the airport feeling a tiny bit ill from my late night last night trying to fix my camera - it works now though so yay  
@opotopo amazing photo! colour down into the valley and over ridges looks incredible. got new camera to take w/ me  
its going to be beautiful this week-i think i'll carry my camera around  
and away to the 1st floor our cameraman will goes    
@azsamad i haven't heard myself either - first time! i've brought my video camera for your sake today.  
love the way this pic came out. http://twitpic.com/666al i used my nikon 8400 crime scene camera  
@jsmith189 ) thanks! and oh i will!!  its a shame i can't sneak my camera in =( hopefully u see me on tv lol 
fun day out at the botanic gardens playing with the camera. now setting up for some diablo ||  
fun day out at the botanic gardens playing with the camera. now setting up for some diablo ii  
@coollike yay! glad your camera is working now.  
@icklesal i got the camera primed just in time for him to fly away - story of my life  
i'm going to travel each state and meet the people i tweet. need camera crew+sponsors lol..(via @kiamorgansmith)u have camera crew here!!  
@rachael211 ff were awesome  ed nearly kicked my camera out of my hand cos he decided to jump over the barrier right next to me xd 
looking at a blue jay outside my window.... about 6 ft away  and it's looking back at me  to bad i don't have camera ready 
@ashleyltmsyf http://twitpic.com/6bk9j - cute face ash  but look in the camera  
@alieeex ...digital camera it does the same job as the power shot ones its just more portable(?) and less expensive  
the camera on the back of the bikes could easily be renamed &quot;the bum camera&quot; #motogp as a girl 
@kokostasia no problem and wow  awesome camera. i'm saving to get one of those. so expensive... 
@silkehartung i like video blogs! not that i have a camera to do one. . .  but they are cool ! 
deter thieves by uglifying your camera  http://bit.ly/10chsl @dmitriypopov  no one has to know they're nikon or leica when traveling   
@ltsneedlework there will be. the camera's battery is dead so it is charging  
but i will really miss the wife and kids ... bought a camera for my home emac so we could ichat and see each other  
@simon_reed because my phone camera is shit 
off for a walk up the canal with my mum cus the sun is still shining..might take my camera as well  
i love when they spend more camera time on the phanatic than they do on the batter.   
hopefully getting a new camera today. my reward for straight a's.  
back home from visiting caro. found a pair of supercute shoes for herwedding  and i forgot my camera in a changingroom... 
i get to work and find the most beautiful flower arrangement waiting for me on the desk  thanks babe! i wish i had a camera to take a pix 
spent the day out hiking.  gorgeous out and we just beat the thunderstorms home!  having a coffee and pulling pics off the camera  
@ijustine pretty girl with a pretty camera  
@waveydavey001 better out of the window if you have a camera to film it... could be funny on youtibe  
@dzsem after heaps of research and trolling around camera shops i ended up getting the camera you suggested  thanks! 
left the battle early... too many stray bb's for camera-comfort! my work day is over 
badgers really don't see that well... didn't spot me from 10 meters but felt my smell and hear my camera. so much for that nikon sound  
bought a touchscreen camera today.  now at the theater watching up 3d. 
@jimcim that means a whole hell of a lot.. thank you  i just barely got my camera 
i am feeling glad that my camera will take 42mm/55mm/58mm filters 
yay my canon camera was fixed! woooo  now i have two working cams ;) 
bidding on a canon a540 camera on ebay and will know in about 8 minutes if it is meant to be mine or not.  i hope 6 megapixels is good. 
got hercamera!!!  happiest da of my liiiife 
@aah1981 nope. i have no camera 
boreddddd. got my camera today  
@sherrieshepherd that's absolutely hilarious that ur dad's camera is 5 yrs late!  
i won the underwater camera at e-bay. horaaaay  
@stevesimon let me know if you have any questions about cameraslingers  
@wiggs88 why thank you  and thats for the camera recomondation haha 
@katska don't think its a good investment   how much duty on a disposable camera ? 
@kimkardashian do you watch your show when it airs or are you referring to no camera people filming you tonight?  
@snufkei it's quite a lot more. but how often do you buy a camera?  
i get all my lomo film back tomorrow  - call-me-steen: what’s lomo? its a type of camera 
is getting his camera back after 4 weeks of abscence  
@ladyglock wednesday evening i can bring the camera  i so want to do it. lol 
fixed my camera for today's final regular day of school ; gettin' a new pair of recording headphones ; last week of school! let's get it  
is excited about getting her new camera  
found my instructions for my gadget!  took my camera out last night to get the long exposure pictures i craved before finding manual  
need more fps....time to shop for a new camera.  re: http://ff.im/3ropo 
taking photos here feels ridiculous. my rubbish camera and lack of photography skills cannot do justice to how beautiful this place is  
@jaydems the camera was so shaky! i love the eye patch.  
@twidroid just updating... thx  maybe you could add the new cupcake camera on twidroid v2.2?! 
aww yay hubby says he will check the car for the camera on his lunch hour  so much for my blog post though.. need my photos! 
@camera_obscura_ thanks tracyanne for the advice and lovely talk in chicago after the show  xoxo hope to see you soon! 
@jdubphoto all furniture and regular house stuff.  i wouldnt part with my camera stuff - attachment issues.   plus i need it. ;) 
just got out of my chem lecture and looking forward to doing videos when i get home tonight  since my camera is finally fixed! yay! 
my camera has a pretty casing now!  
my camera should be here today  
my maps on maps.google.com.my: klang valley traffic cameras. help wanted  http://bit.ly/nfmr0 
gone to dufferin mall to buy a new camera. later on (maybe) i'll go see danny. &amp; omg i want subway! lol  
is moderately impressed by his new lumix camera  
another trip to samy's camera. stop me please! i need to join camera shoppers anonymous! lol!!!  http://www.damiensmithphotography.com 
@1beachsax11  k ..as soon as i have more free time ill record mi voice or as soon as a get a camera  
i'm addicted to video.  heading out for more cameras and then @starbucks  
the new camera control scheme on xbox make the controlls from &quot;minority report&quot; it's bitch  
@gwenlovesolives sure do! they are still on the camera tho. i'm hoping to get them up in my artfire shop this week  
@thefalcon2k: did you watch it all live joe? what did you think about the camera and that milo 
imovie 09 isn't too bad once you get the hang of it. definitely need a better camera than the flip though. wonder if i can sell the cats?  
how can there be adverts already xd. the camera keeps panning round to rob though *dies*  
need zoom for your dsi camera? lmao http://bit.ly/q6ff6 (via @nagareboshi) cool! ;) sehr sexy ... besonders in der hosentasche  
@hoptonhousebnb i'm going to try and get down there with the camera soon - time to get out &amp; do some serious photography i think  
i hope my new camera gets here before friday so i can try it out on @jakeofficial   in chattanooga...  
@bigboyler  looks like somebody caught you on camera all acting and stuff!   http://bit.ly/p8pdb 
@iamhimself i'm pissed i broke my camera tho...oh well 
@teamugi sounds good about the motion sensing camera  #xboxe3 
@kinagrannis flip cameras are awesome! i've been meaning to get one myself. you should make a blog video from flip footage one day  
@jpwrigh @thatcameraguy haha!  
@rosiecosy okay i'll use simple terms lol. a really really good camera + phone + map that you can put in your pocket without folding!  
@doogie69 come on. you could pull this off easy! the rest of us will watch...with our camera's ready.  
@zenqu ㅋㅋㅋ ??단 사기 시작하면 렌즈 지름신?? 계? 오셔서... ㅠㅠ ??나갈??만 기다리고잇는것같아요. 그래?? i think it's worth every penny when it comes to cameras  
@billharper that's good to know  just have to modify the foot to fit into the shoe on the camera now. 
@lightroomblog it's cheaper to go for a walk and safer for cameras  
@aplusk gps?  or how bout one of those digital camera that super cute guy hawks on tv.  what's his name?   
@geekparrot ok i guess. hows your? gotten use to the lack of camera on your ipod touch yet?  
@insideobamawh that was my camera by the way! http://bit.ly/dtzhm  
@chuckwelch in favor of red lights... and cameras... just not red-light- cameras.   
@lexibadger we can swap here and there. i think we should think of more ideas for you with teh camera!   
@lexibadger i think we needs to talk about what we needs ta do with teh camera  
i am playing with the cameras and taking photos everywhere i go...even took a picture of my chinese food tonight  
got my new camera!  here it is... 
@djsilverknight i wish i had a camera... i'll come to your house and cohost tho   (djsilverknight live &gt; http://ustre.am/3euv) 
@aalmiray i'm charging my camera and then i'm coming for you tomorrow!  
@mikema  i will remember that every time i read about back-focusing in a camera forum or on flickr. 
just bought a gorgeous canon camera! pretty in pink!  
i cut rays hair tonight :] and i'm bout to cut my own.  don't expect pictures tho... my camera is hella dead. 
@jchowning traffic cameras are horrible! makes it harder to mitigate it when theres visual evidence  
@ruskiar nice... hd stuff is the best... especially with new hd cameras  
my new camera passes the filth test  by scott in nakedness - http://freakcity.net/?t=3712 #freakcity #nakedness 
@stevesimon  hello please let me know if you have any questions about the camera slinger i would be happy to help u  
mwahahhaha! i have a new camera! &gt;:] @daysparkle @emamama @sarahteaa let's go to the forest/woods near my house now  
cameras and makeover at newtown tomorrow  
ricoh gr digital ii - my excellent retro camera partner. im proud of your work   http://twitgoo.com/ml4m 
@jeskaspeck you should scan those pictures from the disposabal camera  
got himself a new digital vacation camera  and is really busy at school. 
do you have a canon eos 500d / rebel t1i come on! take the camera into the pool and make pics  
@cameraboy56  it's hot and sunny!!!!! woohooooooo!!!! having a nice iced coffee to give me that morning kick!  
@stubborn @ch00n @whizper2me @camera_obscura and @anib - our thanks to you for coming. it was awesome having you  
@cameraboy56 i like it 
feeling happy...@in_camera and i have been 'commended' in a mid-term report re how well we run a particular course  
my dad wants to have my camera so i have to buy a new one..  
@andif nothing to do with repairing lenses is cheap! the ex1 is a fabulous camera otherwise  
@riskybizness23 oh i can dig that its nice though and definiitely shining somethin serious on camera  
nice cup of armenian coffee  #iphone photo with #camerabag http://twitpic.com/6ghkw 
taking photo's for website but batteries have gone in camera and it's too hot to go and get more. tha's me done for today.  
oh ah ah i going to buy camera today .  then go get alana  
@aycstacy i love it. i wanna blog. ill buy my camera now  
@cameraboy56 got the u2 cds on  thank you muchly xx 
anyone know how to get the write protect off of a digital camera before i throw it off of a cliff? yes i googled it.  
i'm such a camera geek.  
@lreneestudio go for a walk with your camera 
@hiediearwood wait until i get u the ones on my camera with @ryanstar.  they are really good!!!  
@robdejonge i certainly don't - although i can operate the camera 'blind' just fine  
doesn't it feel good when an unknown visitor asks you &quot;can you take a picture of mine with [your-company-name] logo?&quot; hading a camera?  
@cameraboy56 well hello you nice to meet you  well not ac tually meet but close eneough lol 
i have a love/hate relationship with my camera. and di you know it`s 2:30 am here?  http://tinyurl.com/p2h6xq 
@koolant yay that's so great!!! congratulations! bring a camera so we can see him later  uncle koolant ;) lol 
@camerarec thanks a lot!  
huzzah! i have found an internet connection where i'm staying and i found my camera!! will be posting a few pics  
how tall are you? - faultycameras: 5’7 almost 5’8  5’2. 4’11?. heck yeah. 5’7? according to the dmv. 5’4?... http://tumblr.com/xfy1xo3pf 
@toddmacintyre great job sir cameraman  you managed to capture the feel of a sea of people. (if that made sense)   
@newmediajim watchin ur mad camera skillz on nbc  
just in the pic ill be lookin straight at the camera with like eyeliner and im seruous face and all and then all black clothes  
@shanecottle are you filming the summer set right now??if so wave to me on the live camera cos im watching it!  
@speterman on camera tossing 
@nolawatermeter sorry the photo wasn't better-just used my iphone. will have to try a real camera for a better photo  
@moondabor we'll see.  i took some with a regular digital camera   
so i had a kind of crappy day. until i brought myself a new camera  fully stoaked.! 
time for countless review hunts..  i am going to buy a new camera soon. probably a canon 50d 
my sister is highly addicted. to www.mein-schoener-garten.de. she's now taking her digital camera with her wherever she goes. bless  
@crittyjoy lol! at the camera club meeting...a pro from ny told us to save everything! what we hate today 
@derekb @bertheymans and take your camera with you  
@camera_obscura some puns are just painful. but okay 
@in_camera bizarrely 
@pixiepolaroid technically camera aren't allowed in the concerts  but still 
@missboobiething *blushing* awww thanks. my waterproof camera comes everywhere i can push my boat to.....   
@kissmybleep old cameras are cool! i want a leica m8(the digital one!:&gt;) and lomo cameras.  yes 
great trip to ch! bought a new camera - nikon d60 - i'm off to get some good shots   
@renothegirl we love cameras too! which one do you want the most? could spend so much money in the lomo shop  
@zombietown  that site have quite a few fotc shirts... i quite like the camera-phone one! 
good morning to all!!  i'm ordering my dslr camera today.   
@preciousmc you are too funny..and for sure need to be on camera..ha! ill call you today for sure  
finished uploading her disderi 3 lens camera photos already.  
@malcolmbarclay the photos were on macrumors: camera app focuses on what you tap on-screen  
@valpakcoupons congrats! take lots of tissues and don't forget your camera  
@3lla people usually don't enjoy being killed...not even camera-breaking-people...just saying  
is also sorting out pics from camera.. and i have some really nice shots of john barrowman from portsmouth  
@kim_salvino you should totally jump and i have my camera with me to capture  
ahh - just uploaded john barrowman pics to face book - feel better now  having decluttered my camera.. now to declutter my life. 
@aleksaaa_ i'll post a pic when i find my camera 8d haha 
my new camera came in!  waiting for it to charge so i can play  
@_toki_ i did delete loads!! this was what was left on my camera 
@evablue allo! i want to talk cameras with you tonight! just got a g10 powershot and need some tips from a pro  
@glazers_camera we have mandatory lunch hour outside.  
i started carrying my camera with me again 
cute: camille told me that ms &quot;stole&quot; my 3d camera sl demo with their &quot;natal&quot; demo. dad are always heroes to their daughters  
@007peter i'll try and take some pictures when i bring out the camera 
good night tweeters...  today was fun. imma play with my new camera tomorrow when i get the batteries. xd 
@gceyre @geoblogs the camera didn't survive a 25mph mountain bike crash. iphone did though  
@bodywisdominc oh &amp; i'll be there alllll day following team roundkick with a camera.  
@irmag @cc_monkey i guess the camera will have to change hands at some point  
graduation practice today. new camera and phone today too!    
@topcamerareview the cool weather has been great for hiking 
@lovechantel cia agents cant have cameras on their phones... so dont worry... you're not alone  dont let @shablack bully you! 
@johnthemember go camera or kayak. i want to borrow either of those.  
thanks everyone who got back to me about the camera  
vblog 046 on itunes - subscrbe - http://tinyurl.com/6zr33e note: making show with new camera so missing the usual polish. yeah right!  
going to @coffeegroundz tonight with @timestocome ... yay! (i'll be there with my shiny new camera!)  
@markhoppus steal his &quot;mini camera necklace&quot;  
@phivefotography thanks for the follow friday  hope u get your camera back soon 
is excited that her camera came in today  and finds it truly beautiful. now 
@naogannet thanks! i am taking camera so will try to get lots of piccies 
@kungfujedi can't wait to see the pictures!  i hope you had an underwater camera for the great barrier reef!   
@bridget_cooks thank you hun!  you're the star--so at ease in front of the camera. they need to put you in your own show.  
@kel7alpha gimme a budget and your wants and i'll find ya a camera.  
@artstarmandi your camera sucks!  
@pictureyourlife thank you!  i'm continually finding ways to better my infrared photos both on camera and in photoshop  
@cameraboy56 hey i never said they would be of any quality just that i could take a few lol you could do my job no probs  
playing with my fab new camera! um yea 
be prepared for a photo overload!!! i finally own a decent camera that i can take rocking photos with  
new camera  canon rebel xs! so i deleted most of my flickr photostream haha http://www.flickr.com/photos/jenniferkelly/ 
so much work to do tonight!! just made a scene/emo tutorial with my digital camera  
shoulda brought my camera! pics from top of eureka skydeck to follow   http://twitpic.com/6q3ne 
got a new camera and the sims 3 for early b-day presents today. my brother and i have taken turns playing the sims for 3 hours straight.  
yay i just found the cord to charge my camera  
so even though my camera sucks. no doubt still wants to use my photos from there show. this and announcing tbs and amberlin made my day!  
loving seeing greenfield-sanders with the 20x24 polaroid camera on make me a supermodel.  i'm more into watching him than the models!  
new video with the new camera: http://bit.ly/xz0vm. very giddy about the whole thing  @clemmentine congrats on the job front! 
http://twitpic.com/6qc2r - ...oh yeah. i used my cheap 12mp $100.00 pocket camera to take this.  
i am loving my new canon eos 50d 15.1mp digital slr camera. the picture quality is amazing! i am prepared for the next electrical storm  
gf's daughter loved her new camera. i love seeing people's faces when they receive a present.  
@lakota75 camera's ready  what's the weather like? 
guys i will be attending digital lifestyle apple event here in warsaw on 23 june - maybe i will be able to take my camera with me  
@inrsoul hahaha... yeah. my cheap triggers got an upgrade. now for some low tech cheap fuzzy shots. time to dust out my crap cameras.  
@pattychristian haha no i don't! but it's fine as i didn't pay for my last camera  
@alancarr ... will she be borrowing your body for the close up camera shots ??  
@hugobrown  well going to be a bit hard to finance my camera addiction on that line of money 
going to shoot some of my best friends and their dogs...with a camera 
there's a bike marathon of naked people in amsterdam. they come by my house so the camera is ready  http://tinyurl.com/l3lve2 
but before i go - a cheeky update of avatar... picture by @lozziecunliffe whilst playing with the noo camera  
says someone must start bringing a camera during our mag team meetings  http://plurk.com/p/yu7y6 
@girloncamera  clear colored nail polish that you use on your finger nails or a clear glue perhaps? 
stomped around downtown with 30kg of camera gear today. stopped by a nice little pub for a pint 
have been simming all morning; i adore this game! cable has arrived for my video camera - can't wait to start editing  
buying a new digital camera will help you find your old one  
by the way: yesterday i took my 7.000th photo with my camera  you can see it here http://tr.im/nd3u 
@hannahoxton yee.. i need to get out my camera more often to take some snap shots coz i never eally use it.. then i can upload them  xxxx 
@photovince made some pics with my compact camera 
@paulgeurts lolz. thanks for that. that was just incredible how the crowds were running towards him... all one take from the camera guy  
@genabee6 i'm hoping for the weirdness! and good food. my camera will be along to record it all  
 i'm going to play with my camera today 
@stef_mitchell you're so pretty you should step out from behind your camera lens  hope you're enjoying darwin x 
@jprobyn go get ralph to come and wave at us  bring him up to the camera ! 
trying to print these iron-ons...time to go get my new cameraaaa!  
has just bought a digital camera!  
@digitalblue yes. have to get me a camera since this computer isn't going to move around like i need.  
waiting for my new camera 
playing with my new camera...expect lots of uploaded pictures!  
tried my old canon photoshot a70 yet again but it is dead  think i might need a new camera... oh look... birthday's coming!  
headed to mt. tam again with mtn bike in tow. this time i'm also bringing my pov camera.  
dancing 0n the big box thing meant for the camera in the middle 0f the church  
@jakehumphreyf1 i have to admire the camera man during your pitlane walks 
@mrseang missing it - in the hamptons. hug @kingtexas for me. she's being followed by cameras cuz she's a superstar  
gorgeous day here in co. i'm at mike's camera 
is checking out the camera assessment series at the produced by conference  
theres a pokemon sticker on my camera  
@lizeeh i got a camera for christmas and got very artistic so began my quest of photo taking. this is the pebble bird bath in the garden  
woooo! new camera!  its a nikon l100! :o 
@adaircameron depends on the camera body 
got a sweet new camera  
just got out of gorging myself at outback... now to the camera shop! today is just beautiful...and im making my bucket list  
@camera_obscura_ i adore my m career  so playing catch up with yr back catalogue but i can't get let's get out of this country anywhere  
finally bought film for my camera 
is doing camera tonight! yay! oh 
@xtriggerx1ovex  yea once  i find my camera im goin 2 take a pic of it  
@jordanrachael i can't wait to have @rob_hoffman nikon digital camera moment with you in july &lt;33333  
is stil exceptionally made at him caught on camera.... but then cant wait to see him on tuesday  
@sak957 which station you at?  may tune in just to see the camera wobble.  lol  
lifehacker: &quot;be more photogenic by forgetting about the camera&quot; http://bit.ly/m96yt ... hmmm 
curses. if only i had a sweet camera like my moms canon rebel. @therealneix 's camera is working quite well 
just got a new camera!  
i'm about to buy a polaroid camera. so don't be surprised if you see my little ass with a bigass camera 
@adonis_p yeah! sea/packer game in seattle. i was a main grip for an on field camera. i'm not really into ff 
hi! i have my customization blink faceplate made by myself too @nancydrewthemes ..why don't u upload the pic with 8900 camera?  
. @sirthinks i love my 5dm2... need to get out and use it more though! it is a great camera 
@cameraboi oh i was  did i pay for any drinks last night?  oh 
@alicejam ha! moi? quiet? ....naw...i had no clue i was getting a new phn... but the camera broke... &amp; we cant have that now... cn we ?  
grandpa found an old film minolta camera with removable lenses  
on ramsey st  thats so rad! dropped my camera  
is very excited about his new iphone (that has a front facing camera) he will be getting on monday  
saving money to buy a decent camera &amp; do photography  
a broken camera 
whoa! @leolaporte blows up at mike arrington on camera: http://bit.ly/emmei (very strong language!) somebody was bound to eventually.  
whoot! i got enough money from family for my bday to get sony vegas movie studio. and my parents are getting me a camera  
@moldor s1 pro? you kids are way overdue for a replacement  although its great for a 3 megapixel camera. 
 i love my parents. they already bought me movie studio. and they are still getting me a camera. and they got me the t.swift tickets. 
just as i am about to tweet about losing my cameras usb cable 
its official i want a nikon camera  get all professional and what not. 
@pigswearties aw fanks!  my other camera isn't quite dead yet 
@koshkanott looking good! wish i had some pictures but found myself constantly holding glasses unable to handle the camera!  
i found my camera cord! yay!  
thankful so much for tonight i love it!!!!  no pics no camera but in my hearts!! hahah soooo drunk!!!! woooorrrdddd 
just found some footage of @thealmost acoustic on my camera... that was a good time... we were all packed into a classroom  
@nadineasoursrex i did that for you.. your camera was aimed at lzzy though.  
@pwfenton scary! i hate snakes. good shots though! bot the camera and the gun.  
@thewondertwin sadly we forgot the camera 
@janedebond i am hoping i'll be able to get pictures of someone else - was camera-handicapped but the dress was divine!  
i'm lovin' the shots~ inkigayo does have the best camera people  
daniel is jealous of my camera 
sees the status of his camera as out for delivery and can't wait  
abit bored! cant wait to get my camera in 19 days  
new iphone has front facing camera 
@toddsmithphoto hope you managed plenty of time for your camera  
@njordgroup yep...makes me start pondering purchasing a second camera body  
deiced to watch the f1 with on board camera 
@hedgewytch bugger being sneaky. flash on and camera in continuous 
http://twitpic.com/6ts5m - that amazing camera of ours  
tommrow is the day. already got camera.  
...was just bored and the camera was at hand!  http://tinyurl.com/qx3qt8 
http://twitpic.com/6tts6 - messing around with camera   
@celticcamera thank you  
in my car bored as hell!  lol!  what can i say; the camera loves me and i love him back!   http://mypict.me/2ujh 
@thehungrymouse consider it done.    i think my camera has replaced one of my hands. 
whilst sleeping the camera was busy...looking at some fun pictures!!!  
@parrisreddog i still wish i had my camera thing ironed out. oh 
my dad was looking through his old stuff yesterday and he found his old polaroid sun660 camera! yay  
@anima do you know any camera shop @ kuta 
@riccwebb thanks heavens you don't work camera for a living  . i love that little expletive 
@aravindkumar @seer thanks man  i took the pics using my sony ericsson mobile 2mp camera... yeah believe it 
@thecameraclicks i joined for the conf. annual conference this thus to sat. this is a video intense workshop. will be tweeting it all  
camera shopping today  
@ajturner gonna visit library/book store with digital camera to build my &quot;library&quot;  
@nkangel74 awesome! camera. beautyful pic of joe. good job girl  
@boriqua3720 maybe it's camera tricks!  
@caseorganic - @arthabaska had way more street cred than what his avatar might’ve implied. he had the big camera 
http://twitpic.com/6ujkk - my dad fell asleep with gum in his mouth. thank goodness for camera phones  
(@billyzhao) note to self: bring camera on the last days of freshman year. must capture every precious moment.  
is it just me or are those &quot;road wars&quot; (cop hidden camera) show just awesome?  
currently buying a pro camera   super awesome shwing 
aha! my cameras are colore coordinated! how awesome is that?  
@camera_obscura_ you'll be passing thru my town (redding 
@dominacaffeine there is a photo of @alistairrae on my facebook at the moment. he is what one might call 'camera shy'.  
@softtouchme hahaha...don't use the phone on my camera for those  
@filmladd aw ta hun talk soon  @simonleung 4 sure but i would still take a camera lol pretending2b a tourist anywhere would b an adventure 
got a new digital camera  ive been taking photgraphy photos ;p wanna see? www.flickr.com/melissagphotography 
@pleasebemine i think so.. the cameras were filming them so im guessing its a yes  
@calilewis i like the logo on the background on camera two  looks cool 
@shnuff now that i have my camera back 
@itakepeektures aha i could be like your camera assistant  im sure they get a bit heavy after a while 
got a fisheye for my camera. but it actually a peep hole for a door 
@alyankovic http://twitpic.com/62r0p - nice arm al! best camera phone pic yet! lmbao  
@libartsandminds yes!!! i am actually on camera two or three times applauding the acceptance speech in the cbc coverage  
i just got a new camera  
still hoping to win an everio camera from toni! http://tiny.cc/newcj  only 10 more days until the winner is announced!  here's hoping  
@cameragirll sounds like the perfect way to wind down.  
want very much 2 see a video of brett michaels hitting his head on stage. i noticed the hat falling but camera panned away. priceless!  
@debvafod ya know some of us moms just don't like the camera too much so we barely have any good pics of ourselves haha  
@candykiss118 it was good   glad to see you got your camera!   
@1001noisycamera thanks for the news  keep up the great work on your site 
just found my camera! been missing for a week - today is already a good day  
i have a new camera!   happy days... 
omg new camera&amp;warped 
need to get my polaroid and pentax fixed old school cameras are so amazing  
@binarycrayon find someone else to pass the camera onto and send it to them along with the letter  
@inrsoul dude. any update on the cameras? i had a talk to @minghao and he is keen on bringing his macbk's along.  
@bitchville : what camera do you use ?  
oh yeah. i got a new camera na.  
@vishwaskasat i prefer a cameraphone than a walkman phone  thanx tho 
@coldzero2006 that's a awesome live camera  
paddling pool. fish eye camera. music.  good day ahead  
omg  bought 2 vintage cameras yesterday... so freakin' cool. need to find film for one of them... amazon.com here i come! ;-p 
@tobybarnes ooh how did you do that? what camera? sounds ace - perfect for picture sniping  
@shinsh0ku i took video of alan but my stupid camera was on silent mode i didn't realise t.t hahhaha ill facebook the pictures soon!  
@tron_lord  effect was in camera =  ipohne + low-light conditions  no skill on my part 
@donaldverger you met dr. land? how wonderful!!!! what camera were you thinking of getting? i'm happy to make suggestions  
@mycameraandi enjoying? the design is awesome who made it?  (asking because i'm looking for a wp designer) 
should be interesting weather today and tomorrow.  i'm gonna need a weather sealed camera or something. donations gladly accepted!  
@tedcameraman hot hot indeedy! but i like it  when does your new geeky gadget arrive buddy? (xbox xbox xbox) 
enjoyed the weekend. got a new sony digital camera. very nice. just one glitch - now i have to figure out how to work it!!   
hope ang doesn't back out!  my mission when i come up north is to learn how to use my camera!  
@ymoose where's your camera?  i'll upload your photos for you  
iphone no need to upgrade. to new iphone. i been had video camera 
i left my flip camera at home so i hope @michele_perras comes to hear my talk so i have a witness to my presentation  
located camera  took pics. hopefully tonight i'll be uploading photos of the major reno progress on my house and the messy studio. 
@shuttler creating augmented reality on the iphone would be easier if it had a front facing camera  
@mycameraandi australia is boring. israel - that's where the real actions is  
@springtree gave away a land camera?! i've never found 1 that worked tho i have 1 that doesn't - have prob w/ collecting polaroid cameras  
@mycameraandi any chance you'll take me with you? i can document the whole trip if you'd like  
@taylor_anne4 dudee your camera is so nice! your pictures are really cool!  
my polaroid camera is coming  
@liamlager take your phone or camera 
@delwilliams hi back!  impressive video quality from whatever camera you were using. 
@icedcoffee tasty shot .. found the article on how to setup long exposures on my camera just need to find the right time / place  
@aliciaressmann new cameras are indeed smart. you just about have to memorize the manual!  hope you bought a nikon! 
@lifelessordinar as soon as i figure out if my camera card still works. electronics and water dont mix  
@johnny1402 glad you found it helpful.  the amount of flexibility we have n our images is amazing...but getting it right in camera helps!  
@petewentz you should sneak a video camera onto the shoot and take some pictures/videos for us  
going outside with my camera.  
@amandagary i will take tons. my dad has been camera happy this whole trip so i think you're set.  
eeeee a new pink cameraa  
@_epicfail my friend who has camera obsession will come so be sure you'll get some  even some taken especially for you  
@gregsamson 3 mega pix camera &amp; video capture tho! and is gonna be 16 &amp; 32 gb. and its apple so will sell easy &amp; make me lots of money  
this boy got me a pretty amazing vintage camera. i like him.  
fixed my cameraaa !!!  
@xojenniox the show was awesome..a lot of surprises  but my camera died halfway through the show =( 
i have selected my new camera lens  
my camera just came in.....  
@thecameraclicks @sphacelate hold the celebrations 
well i dont have alot on my camera just a few..cheeks has the rest! lol this should be funny!  
yes! i just hit my camera hard enough to make it work again  
@cjscott right! camera will be on lockdown  
http://bit.ly/vasgj  after the cameras went off..i went back in that room with him!  jk 
my camera came in the mail today!  still waiting on: 2 dresses 
tweeting for #trackle! i set up on a trackle to track canon cameras on amazon.  
really needs to get a camera to start documenting her epic weekends of fun which are 
ohhhh okayy hahah its not a bad video to watch though  and whoever took the video has a great camera! 
just got a new camera. a late birthday gift to me  
@lunatriste i never did either.  i showed up to the club in jeans and a faded purple t-shirt.  only the camera bag was black.  
http://twitpic.com/7ijp4 - mycameraonmyphonesucks..but36days!! @jonasbrothers  
enjoying the nice 64f weather in sf n watching the angels vs the giants  i wish i had my camera tho   http://twitpic.com/7ikxe 
@gnimsh no tickets!!  i've run zillions of red lights in the city and never been caught by the red light cameras! 
just watched camera obscura make their us network debut on craig ferguson. i am intrigued.  #latelateshow 
@camera_obscura_ crap!! i forgot to watch! oh well. it's not like i'm not seeing you guys tomorrow  
good morning all. very excited about today. i've got my camera ready to snap these pictures. now to get ready  
@johndalton awesome  lucas is getting interested in cameras already too. mine are still a little heavy for him. should let him try the g2 
@_lefashion_ the boy's mom surprised us with a new camera  
@myhelvetica you'll want the camera that is the easiest  
@thisisours_info cool did you make a funny face at the camera ?  
@maloney  im a camera collector i love cameras  can we be friends? 
i`m back;) long weekend. got a new camera fore my birthday loveit did see what happens in vegas.. loved it! bottom line: work on it!!  
i got a lowepro rezo 120aw camera bag 
gatso-man (not a superhero) is cleaning and presumably rotating the speed cameras on wokingham rd out of reading 
got my extensions &amp;&amp; video camera in the mail  yay new toys to play with! 
@jill http://twitpic.com/7he8b - did he lick the camera afterwards? looks like he wanted to!  
i am so happy with my new camera  
@mikerr... camera was a clickin' pics on my facebook profile  
@shinzofukui  expensive  i am thinking of buying it will be in yodobashi camera on 3rd july. but i donno about the quality! dp3 pls!! 
@hvezda it was too dark for my camera to pick anything up - but it looks like we might be in for another one 
buying new camera    
the cake had 3 sparklers in full sparkle at the time! would have been a home video hit for years if someone had had a video camera  
loooving the diana+ camera!  i want onee. 
@sinergiegirls will see you there  bringing epic camera for some nice sunshine shots  
@nipplelicious that's why it's cool to stick with novices.  they tend to get excited...and forget the camera in their plans.   
we have a kangaroo in our night-vision camera.  
@user47 congrats on the new camera 
@lightscameraash good luck.  
@a77boy i miss my super fast bad a camera it has 
@thatcatholicgal that's awesome abby! congratulations on the new camera!  
@litezcameraact yupp haha  we need to meet um 